type_rumor;title;date;content
"RUMEUR";"Whole Foods has removed Israeli products from its shelves and replaced them with Muslim-approved products.";"August 2011";"One of the reasons muslims tend to exaggerate their numbers (no one really knows how many there are in this country, legally and illegally) is to be able to exert more influence in government and commerce. Marketing giant Whole Foods has swallowed islam's numbers campaign hook, line, and sinker. Whole Foods not only supports the Hamas terror training schools, it removes Israeli products and replaces them with those approved by the Arab-muslim occupiers of Israel's historic lands. If you support Israel if you oppose terrorism if you believe in free enterprise  TAKE YOUR BUSINESS ELSEWHERE.  They issue great-sounding PR statements saying one thing a quick look at their actions proves the reverse.  Whole Foods may be hallal for the Arab-muslims who wish to kill Jews, but it is strictly TRAIF for all Jews who wish to survive.  (I know from experience that Trader Joe, which carries similar products, rejected attempts by Arab boycotters to remove Israeli products from their shelves their prices are also MUCH better!) AVOID WHOLE FOODS AT ALL COSTS! Is this true?"
"RUMEUR";"Actress Natalie Portman made a $50 million donation to a hospital in Israel.";"March 2011";"Oscar Winner, Natalie Portman, makes major donation to Hadassah Hospital.  Hadassah Hospital received a $50 million donation last week from a woman who was born there - famed actress Natalie Portman.  Portman's donation is earmarked for an improved and expanded emergency trauma center. The Hadassah Women's Zionist movement is behind the project. The expansion will enable three times as many victims to be treated at once.  At a ceremony last week at the Jerusalem Theater, Dr. Kobi Assaf, Hadassah Hospital's director of surgery and shock trauma, said the expansion of the trauma center will save many lives. One of the most crucial things we can do for trauma patients is treat them quickly, he said. The new unit is arranged specifically to do that everything we need to treat them is right here."
"RUMEUR";"Princess Cruises has ceased making stops in Israel.";"June 2010";"Yesterday, 6/2/2010, the Pacific Princess, carrying 700 passengers, canceled a stop at Ashdod, Israel .  Instead, they informed the passengers they would stop in Egypt as an alternative.  Princess is now bowing to pressure and boycotting Israel .  Please pass this on to all Jewish Americans in order to let them know that there are alternatives to Princess."
"RUMEUR";"Angelina Jolie said she hates Israel and wants those people eradicated.";"July 2007";"Before you go see another Angelina Jolie movie, read these facts about this so called great star. See if you want to make her life style even better.  She has publicly stated both verbally and in writing the following horrible statements:  She hates American trouble makers and say they do not act like the finer Europeans, She hates The American Fascist Government. Most of all she hates The State of Israel. It should be completely obliterated. together WITH THOSE PEOPLE  She believes in freedom of the press, except for herself. Will not allow certain TV Stations to come to her opening, and no Reporter can make any statements before she sees them and must sign a contract that if she doesn't like what they print, she will sue them for millions. Every news outlet including the Liberal and Conservative Media has condemned her statements, including those not allowing certain stations to attend.  It is ironic that she plays the wife of Jewish Reporter David Pearl in her new film, after her anti Israel and THOSE PEOPLE remarks. Her comments have been condemned by many Americans and the Israelis press. Her biggest condemner is her father actor Jon Hoyt, who says his daughter is very misguided and sometimes hateful  PLEASE PASS THIS ON TO EVERY ONE WHO LOVES AMERICA AND BELIEVES THAT ISRAEL MUST SURVIVE FOR MANKIND TO SURVIVE IF YOU DO NOT FEEL THIS WAY ABOUT AMERICA AND ISRAEL THEN JUST DELETE THANK YOU"
"RUMEUR";"Image shows front-page New York Times articles from 1943 about the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising.";"2006";"This is supposedly a NY Times cover about the Jewish uprising in the Warsaw Ghetto — looks fake to me"
"RUMEUR";"Message from Starbucks Chairman Howard Schultz extols the company's contributions to Israel.";"2006";"A Thank You to All Starbucks Customers Written by Howard Schultz  Tuesday, 11 July 2006  Dear Starbucks Customer,  First and foremost I want to thank you for making Starbucks the $6.4 billion global company it is today, with more than 90,000 employees, 9,700 stores, and 33 million weekly customers. Every latte and macchiato you drink at Starbucks is a contribution to the close alliance between the United States and Israel, in fact it is — as I was assured when being honored with the Israel 50th Anniversary Friend of Zion Tribute Award — key to Israel's long-term PR success. Your daily chocolate chips frappucino helps paying for student projects in North America and Israel, presenting them with the badly needed Israeli perspective of the Intifada.  Starbucks, through the Jerusalem Fund of Aish HaTorah, an international network of Jewish education centers, sponsors Israeli military arms fairs in an effort to strengthen the special connection between the American, European and Israeli defense industries and to showcase the newest Israeli innovations in defense. As my contribution to the fight against the global rise of anti-Semitism, the reason behind the current conflict in the Middle-East, I help Aish HaTorah sponsoring the website honestreporting.com and produce material informing of Israel's side of the story.  Without you, my valued customer, I wouldn't be able to raise hundreds of millions of dollars each year to support Israeli citizens from terrorist attacks and keep reminding every Jew in America, to defend Israel at any cost. $5 billion per year from the US government are no way near enough to pay for all the weaponry, bulldozers and security fences needed to protect innocent Israeli citizens from anti-Semitic Muslim terrorism. Corporate sponsorships are essential.  Having the bigger picture in mind, Starbucks have donated a store to the US army to help in the War on Terror. I cannot emphasize enough, how vital the War on Terror is for the continued viability and prospering of the Jewish State.  So next time you feel like chilling out at a Starbucks store, please remember that with every cup you drink at Starbucks you are helping with a noble cause. Howard Schultz  Chairman & Chief Global Strategist  Starbucks Coffee Stores"
"RUMEUR";"On 9 March 2003, CBS will be airing a half-hour program devoted to telling the stories of Israel Defense Forces soldiers from their point of view.";"2003";"CBS is having an unprecedented program this Sun., Mar. 9, at 9:00 am (8:00 central). The entire half-hour will be devoted to telling stories of Israel Defense Forces soldiers, from their point of view.  Watch it, or tape it, if you can.  Just as important, call the TV station afterwards, to compliment them on their coverage. We know that they will get tons of calls and emails criticizing the program, so it's VERY important to balance the feedback!!  Please forward this to all your friends.  CONTACT INFO FOR CBS:  www.cbsnews.com  542 W. 57th St.  New York, NY 10019  News Desk:  Phone: (212) 975-4321, 975-3691  Fax: (212) 975-1893  Managing Editor: Chris Hume  Phone: (212) 975-3019  Fax: 212) 245-7560  http://cbsnews.cbs.com/feedback/frames/0.1712.412.00.html"
"RUMEUR";"Changes to immigration policy announced in November 2014 make illegal immigrants eligible to collect amnesty bonuses of up to $24,000.";"February 2015";"Fox News and other Conservative web sites stating that immigrants who do not pay taxes could get tax refunds due to Obama immigrant amnesty program.     Illegal Immigrants Get Tax Refunds Without Paying Taxes  Illegal immigrants are receiving tax refunds despite not having paid taxes, the Washington Times reported yesterday. The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) under the Obama Administration is allowing illegal immigrants to claim the Earned Income Tax Credit for last year's taxes as well as those in the past."
"RUMEUR";"A bevy of tax increases were quietly imposed upon Americans in January 2015 due to the Affordable Care Act.";"August 2014";"OUR NEW 2015 TAXES DUE  Those that think this is the way to improve the economy might as well delete now.  A reminder for those who forgot or for many that didn't know:  Here is what will happen on January 1, 2015:  Top Income Tax bracket went from 35% to 39.6%  Top Income Payroll Tax went from 37.4% to 52.2%  Capital Gains Tax went from 15% to 28%  Dividend Tax went from 15% to 39.6%  Estate Tax went from 0% to 55%  Remember this fact:  These taxes were all passed only with democrat votes, no republicans voted for these taxes.  These taxes were all passed under the Affordable Care Act, aka Obamacare. If you think that it is important that everyone in the U.S. should know this, pass it on. If not, then delete it. "
"RUMEUR";"Image shows an AT&ampT telephone bill with a Lawful Interception Recovery Fee to cover government wiretaps.";"August 2013";"Are We Paying a Tax to Fund the NSA Spying on Americans?  I was looking at my bill and didn't know what this lawful interception charge was ... I googled it ... WIRE TAPPING!!! I called and they said it was a new fee for the vost incurred by the government. I don't have anything to hide so if they wanna tap my phone go ahead ... but why should I have to pay for it??!!! This is ridiculous, please share this so we can get the word out there. Oh, and check your phone bills people!!"
"RUMEUR";"Chart shows eleven death spiral states where more people are on welfare than are employed.";"January 2013";"[Collected via e-mail, January 2013] Death Spiral  These 11 States now have More People on Welfare than they do Employed!  And Surprise-Surprise!!! These States vote straight democrat ticket every election - living on the government plantation.  This Just Proves that The Majority of Americans have No Intentions of Making a Better Independent Life for Themselves and their Families and are content Living on The Tax Payers Dime for Eternity!"
"RUMEUR";"Account describes a customer purchasing a single grape to obtain cash back from an EBT card.";"October 2012";"At approximately 2:30 pm, September 6, 2012, I entered the Publix store on Main St. in Gainesville, FL to pick up a few items. I gathered my items and went to the 10 and under register to check-out. The person in front of me (a white female, approximate age 35-43, fake nails, big braided hair do, clean clothes, carrying a purse and a plastic drinking cup) put her purchase on the checkout surface - ONE GRAPE.  Yes, that is correct ONE GRAPE. The cashier asked if that was all, she replied yes. The cashier then weighted the GRAPE and told the women the cost was $.02 (TWO CENTS), the women then pulled out her Food Stamp EBT card and swiped it through the credit card machine, requesting $24.00 in cash back. The cashier asked if she wanted the GRAPE, the woman replied no and the GRAPE was put in the garbage can. The register recorded the sale as .02, cash back $24.00. The cashier then asked if two fives would be okay because was out of tens, the woman agreed and took the $24.00 folded it up and put it in her pocket and left the store.  As the next person in line I asked the cashier as a taxpayer what in the hell just happened here she said she was on the clock and could not comment. I then asked if I had actually seen this person purchase and discard a GRAPE, then get cash back on her Food Stamp EBT card. The cashier responded that it happens all day every day in their store. She also said that if the person buying the GRAPE has it rung up over .02 they get mad and make her reweigh it.  My next comment was to ask the cashier if she planned to vote in November and she said she could hardly wait for 11/6/12 to get here as one taxpayer to another."
"RUMEUR";"The Obama administration is proposing a 1% tax on debit card usage and/or banking transactions.";"July 2010";"The Transaction Tax! WHAT THE HELL IS THIS?? President Obama's finance team and Nancy Pelosi are recommending a 1% transaction tax on all financial transactions.  The bill is HR-4646 introduced by US Rep Peter deFazio D-Oregon and US Senator Tom Harkin D-Iowa. Their plan is to sneak it in after the November election to keep it under the radar.  See what Nancy has to say about this wonderful idea! http://tinyurl.com/24dn5ud It's only 1%! This is a 1% tax on all transactions to or from any financial institution i.e. Banks, Credit Unions, Mutual funds, Brokers, etc.  Any deposit you make will have a 1% tax charged.  Any withdrawal you make, 1% tax.  Any transfer within your account, a transfer to or from savings and checking, will have a 1% tax charged.  Any ATM transaction, withdrawal or deposit, 1% tax.  If your pay check or your Social Security is direct deposited, 1% tax.  If you carry a check to your bank to deposit, 1% tax.  If you take cash in to deposit, 1% tax.  If you receive any income from a bond or a dividend from stock, 1% tax.  Any Real Estate Transaction, 1% tax.  This is from the man who promised that if you make under $250,000 per year, you will not see one penny of new tax! Remember, he is completely honest and trustworthy.  Keep your eyes and ears open.  Folks, Nancy says this would be a minimal tax on the people, but 1 percent every time you pay a bill or make a deposit is not minimal. This would no doubt tax investment transactions as well as bank account transactions.  This woman is nuts!!!  If you know someone in California get this to them!     While at the checkout of Wal-mart in Greeneville, TN I heard that in the future the government may be planning to place a 1% tax on people using debit cards at the check out.     I have heard discussion and seen on emails the fear that the Obama administration is going to pass a 'banking tax' that will take 1% of each deposit and 1% of every transaction out of a bank account."
"RUMEUR";"An Illinois woman with eight children earns $144,000 per year for her family by giving up her kids to foster care.";"August 2010";"[Collected via e-mail, August 2010] I was speaking to an emergency room physician this morning. He told me that a woman in her 20's came to the ER with her 8th pregnancy. She stated my momma told me that I am the breadwinner for the family. He asked her to explain. She said that she can make babies and babies get money for the family. The scam goes like this: The grandma calls the Department of Children and Family Services and states that the unemployed daughter is not capable of caring for these children. DCFS agrees and states that the child or children will need to go to foster care.  The grandma then volunteers to be the foster parent, and thus receives a check for $1500 per child per month in Illinois. Total yearly income: $144,000 tax-free, not to mention free healthcare (Medicaid) plus a monthly Link card entitling her to free groceries, etc, and a voucher for 250 free cell phone minutes per month. This does not even include WIC and other welfare programs. Indeed, grandma was correct in that her fertile daughter is the breadwinner in the family."
"RUMEUR";"By default, all U.S. federal income tax refunds paid in 2010 will be issued in the form of U.S. savings bonds.";"January 2010";"Please be aware that when filing your income taxes for 2009 earnings, the IRS has decided that all refunds due clients will be paid in US Savings Bonds unless you choose to opt out. So watch carefully and find the area on the forms or inform your preparer of your intentions regarding this. I would think that MOST PEOPLE would not want to receive savings bonds as opposed to a refund check in the event of a refund coming to them."
"RUMEUR";"The IRS has moved its offices from Washington, D.C., to Costa Rica.";"2007";"The IRS seems to have disappeared from Washington, D.C.  There are some strong rumors coming to us today that some very major things are going to begin to happen in our country (and around the world) starting possibly as early as tomorrow.  These may be rumors or they may not be — only time will tell.  Our researcher just got back from Washington, D.C., and he confirmed that the IRS has moved out of 1111 Constitutional Avenue and only security police are there.  Empty building.  I know for a fact that a large chunk of the IRS has been moved to Costa Rica."
"RUMEUR";"If John Kerry were elected President, the Secret Service would have to protect him and every property he owns for the rest of his life.";"2004";"You will pay upkeep/Secret Service for 5 Kerry mansions.  It is good to be John F. Kerry....... The F stands for Forbes in case you ever wondered.  He is one of the richest Senators in Government. When someone is elected president, it means the Secret Service has to protect the President and his family as well as his property.  The Kerry's have five US properties not counting the several foreign properties they own too. The cost to run these homes are more than what the average American could afford, even if the rent was free, and all you had to pay the water, gas & electric. Including ground keepers, maintenance, pool, and house keepers. To be President would require the taxpayers to pay for all that now if elected. Including a complete staffed Secret Service security 24 hours a day. In addition to that we will have to pay for each of their homes for security improvements even if they never go to them all there is that just in case. Who do you think will pay for all this? We Pay!  This takes all the expense off Kerry and puts it on us. Nevertheless, factor another major cost to Americans that Kerry does not want you to know about.  Becoming president would automatically include taking care of all their properties with Secret Service Agents that includes 5 agents per 6 hour shift 4 times a day 365 days of the year for the rest of their lives so long as they own those properties. It comes with being President once you are elected. It requires us the taxpayers, to pay for this as well as his annual salary as well as his retirements including the cost of living adjustments to boot.  These salaries and agents protect all their real estate property with Secret Service Agents and pay the bills for the rest of his life.  In addition, feed the Secret Service Agents and rotate new ones every 6 hours for the rest of his life.  Do the math. Five properties need to be protected. This requires five Secret Service Agents per shift, daily every six hours, per property! That is 20 Secret Service Agents per day per property everyday including Holidays. Wow, what does that cost?  Lets say an average of 20 agents per property, each earning a about $60K per agent to survey the perimeters and protect. Now times that by five properties so far. That is if the Kerry's do not buy any more properties afterwards. This also includes the Agents vehicles and repairs, gas, meals, days off, paid vacation, and medical plan visits etc per agent.  Who pays? YOU pay, the whole time they are alive after becoming President! Is this the best use of our tax money electing Kerry to take care of all their properties both foreign and domestic? On the other hand, shouldn't he pay for his own? Yet, the Presidential salary could not afford it.  The more I think about paying for Kerry's properties everyday, just makes me happy keeping President Bush all the more merrier. Without raising taxes to boot.  How on earth would Kerry pay for everyone to have Healthcare, increase our military, and have us pay to protect his investments, all without raising our taxes? Tax and spend Kerry is his party motto.  Which really has to make you wonder why anyone with his wealth, would take a salary of that of a U.S. Senator, never mind wanna be President? Do you believe him now why he needs to be the Prez? To serve the people? On the other hand, the people serve Him and his wife!  IF YOU AREN'T COMPLETELY APPALLED, THEN YOU HAVEN'T BEEN PAYING ATTENTION"
"RUMEUR";"Claim:  Senator John Kerry made disparaging remarks after viewing President Ronald Reagan's casket. Status:  False.Example:  [Collected on the Internet, 2004] PIOUS KERRY!  I FOUND THIS QUOTE FROM KERRY. I HOPE NONE OF YOU WERE GOING TO VOTE FOR HIM, BUT IF YOU WERE, THINK ABOUT WHAT HE IS SAYING. ESPECIALLY THE LAST LINE, RECLAIM OUR COUNTRY FROM THE CHURCH GOERS. WOW!!!!  HE WAS AT THE VIEWING OF REAGAN'S BODY IN CALIFORNIA.  This moment in Simi Valley is a moment of truth, Kerry said. Not just for my campaign, but for the future of my party as well. For some of us, this may be our only chance to confirm the demise of the man who is solely responsible for turning the American people away from liberal philosophy. As Democrats, we need to put small differences aside and be certain that this man is truly gone. Next, we must reclaim our country from the church-goers, the middle America folks and the uneducated conservative masses. Origins:  After the passing of President Ronald Reagan  in June 2004, Senator John Kerry cancelled scheduled campaign events and suspended his campaign activities for a week as a display of respect for the former president. Senator Kerry also made a visit to the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library in Simi Valley, California, to pay his respects as President Reagan's body lay in repose at the presidential library, and the Senator attended the state funeral held for the former president a few days later at Washington's National Cathedral.  The words quoted above were never spoken by Senator Kerry they're an e-mailed excerpt taken from a spoof news article (Kerry Endures Heat and Low-Life Scum to Make Sure Reagan is Really Dead) published on kerrycore.com, a John Kerry parody site.  What the press reported Senator Kerry actually said at the time he visited the Reagan Library was:  I didn't agree with a lot of the things he was doing, obviously, Kerry said of Reagan, whom he called a very likable guy. But he added that he got along well with the Republican, was able to work with him and visited the White House a number of times during his two terms. Last updated:  28 July 2004  Urban Legends Reference Pages &copy 1995-2015 by snopes.com.  This material may not be reproduced without permission.  snopes and the snopes.com logo are registered service marks of snopes.com.     Sources:   Branigin, William.  Thousands Bid Farewell to Reagan in Funeral Service.   The Washington Post.  11 June 2004.   Associated Press.  Kerry Pays Respects to Reagan.   CBSNews.com.  8 June 2004.";"2004";"PIOUS KERRY!  I FOUND THIS QUOTE FROM KERRY. I HOPE NONE OF YOU WERE GOING TO VOTE FOR HIM, BUT IF YOU WERE, THINK ABOUT WHAT HE IS SAYING. ESPECIALLY THE LAST LINE, RECLAIM OUR COUNTRY FROM THE CHURCH GOERS. WOW!!!!  HE WAS AT THE VIEWING OF REAGAN'S BODY IN CALIFORNIA.  This moment in Simi Valley is a moment of truth, Kerry said. Not just for my campaign, but for the future of my party as well. For some of us, this may be our only chance to confirm the demise of the man who is solely responsible for turning the American people away from liberal philosophy. As Democrats, we need to put small differences aside and be certain that this man is truly gone. Next, we must reclaim our country from the church-goers, the middle America folks and the uneducated conservative masses."
"RUMEUR";"Senator John Kerry voted to kill every military appropriation for the development and deployment of every weapons systems since 1988.";"2004";"Sen. John Kerry  Democrat from Massachusetts  HE says he is strongest  Presidential Candidate on National Defense!  He said Check the Record..  We Did !  Here is what we learned.  He voted to kill the B-1 Bomber  He voted to kill the B-2 Stealth Bomber He voted to kill the F-14  He voted to kill the F-15 Strike Eagle  He voted to kill the F-16  He voted to kill the AV-8B Harrier Vertical Takeoff and Landing Jet Fighter  He voted to kill the AH-64 Apache Helicopter  He voted to kill the Patriot Anti-Missile System  He voted to kill the Aegis Anti-Aircraft System  He voted to kill the Trident Missile System  He voted to kill the M-1 Abrams Tank  He voted to kill the Bradley Fighting Vehicle  He voted to kill the Tomahawk Cruise Missile  In short, he voted to kill every military appropriation for the development and deployment of every weapons systems since 1988 to include the battle armor for our troops. With Kerry as president our Army will be made up of naked men running around with sticks and clubs."
"RUMEUR";"Teresa Heinz Kerry donates millions of dollars to fringe political groups through the Tides Foundation.";"2004";"By Paul R. Hollrah Former STATE REPRESENTATIVE, DISTRICT NO. 8, OK  Maria Teresa Thiersten Simoes-Ferreira Heinz Kerry was born in Mozambique, the daughter of a Portuguese physician, and was educated in Switzerland and South Africa. Fluent in five languages, she was working as a United Nations interpreter in Geneva in the mid-60's when she met a handsome young American, H. John Heinz, III, who worked at a bank in Geneva. He told her his family was in the food business. They were married in 1966 and returned to Pittsburgh where his family ran the giant H.J. Heinz food company.  He was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives in 1971, and in 1976 he was elected to the first of three terms in the United States Senate. Senator H. John Heinz was a friend of mine - not a close friend, not a golfing buddy, but a friend nonetheless. The last time I saw him alive was, oddly enough, in the men's restroom at the Maverick Steakhouse, a favorite nighttime eatery and watering hole for politicians and lobbyists in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. The senator was standing at a wash basin, drying his hands, when I entered the room. When he turned and saw me he rushed toward me, threw his arms around me, and said, Paul, it's good to see you! All I could do was mumble, Senator, do you really think we should be seen hugging each other in a men's restroom? He didn't think so, and neither did I, but we shared a good laugh over his impromptu display of affection.  Several years later, in 1991, he was killed when his plane collided with a Sun Oil Company helicopter over a Philadelphia suburb — the same helicopter that I often used to travel between Philadelphia and Washington, DC. The senator, his pilot and co-pilot, and both of Sun's helicopter pilots were killed. He was survived by his wife, Teresa, and their three young sons.  Four years later, after inheriting Heinz's $500 million fortune, she married Senator John Forbes Kerry, the liberal junior senator from Massachusetts. She became a registered Democrat and the process of her radicalization was set in motion. Heinz Kerry is not shy about telling people that she required Kerry to sign a pre-nuptial agreement before they were married. John Kerry may not have check-writing privileges on the Heinz catsup and pickle fortune, but he is certainly a willing and uncomplaining beneficiary of it.  A lot of hard-earned money, made through many years of hawking catsup, pickles, and soup, has fallen into the hands of two people who despise successful people and who believe in the confiscatory redistribution of wealth.  So how does Mrs. Heinz Kerry spend John Heinz's money? Just one example: According to the G2 Bulletin, an online intelligence newsletter of WorldNetDaily, in the years between 1995-2001 she gave more than $4 million to an organization called the Tides Foundation. And what does the Tides Foundation do with John Heinz's money?  1) They support numerous anti-war groups, including Ramsey Clark's International Action Center. Clark has offered to defend Saddam Hussein when he's tried.  2) They support the Democratic Justice Fund, a joint venture of the Tides Foundation and billionaire hate-monger George Soros. The Democratic Justice Fund seeks to ease restrictions on Muslim immigration from terrorist states.  3) They support the Council for American-Islamic Relations, whose leaders are known to have close ties to the terrorist group, Hamas.  4) They support the National Lawyers Guild, organized as a communist front during the Cold War era. One of their attorneys, Lynne Stewart, has been arrested for helping a client, Sheikh Omar Abdel Rahman, communicate with terror cells in Egypt. He is the convicted mastermind of the 1993 World Trade Center bombing.  5)They support Planned Parenthood, the National Abortion Rights Action League, and the Abortion Action Project.  6) They support the most violent of all homosexual action groups, ACT-UP. 7) They support the Barrio Warriors, a radical Hispanic group whose primary goal is to return all of Arizona, California, New Mexico, and Texas to Mexico.  These are but a few of the radical groups that benefit, through the anonymity provided by the Tides Foundation, from the generosity of our would-be first lady — the wealthy widow of Republican senator John Heinz, and now the wife of the Democratic senator who aspires to be the 44th President of the United States.  If voters will only try to imagine a woman such as Teresa Heinz Kerry, the fairy godmother of the radical left, laying her head on a pillow each night just inches from the President of the United States, hopefully they will decide that the only way these two will ever be allowed into the White House is with an engraved invitation in hand.  As I recall that somewhat embarrassing chance meeting in the men's restroom at the Maverick Steakhouse in Harrisburg, instead of mumbling some inane nonsense about getting caught in a friendly embrace, I wish now that I'd had the good sense to whisper in his ear, John! Go home! Get a lawyer! Change your will! But, of course, we didn't know her then, did we?  Following is a brief background on Mrs. John Kerry . She hates being called that, by the way: Maria Teresa Thiersten Simoes-Ferreira Heinz Kerry. Married Senator Kerry in 1995. She only took his name eighteen months ago and she is an interesting paradox of conflicts.  If you thought John Kerry was scary, he doesn’t hold a candle to his wife! Maria Teresa Thiersten Simoes-Ferreira Heinz Kerry was born in Mozambique, the daughter of a Portuguese physician, was educated in Switzerland and South Africa. Fluent in five languages, she was working as a United Nations interpreter in Geneva in the mid-60’s when she met a handsome young American, H. John Heinz, III, who worked at a bank in Geneva. He told her his family was in the food business.  They were married in 1966 and returned to Pittsburgh where his family ran the giant H. J. Heinz food company. He was elected to the US House of Representatives in 1971, and in 1976 he was elected to the first of three terms in the United States Senate. A Republican, he wrote a burning diatribe against some of the causes backed by young House member John Kerry.)  Several years later, in 1991, he was killed when his plane collided with a Sun Oil Company helicopter over a Philadelphia suburb. The senator, his pilot and copilot, and both of Sun’s helicopter pilots were killed. He was survived by his wife, Teresa, and their three young sons.  Four years later, having inherited Heinz's $500 million fortune, she married Senator John Forbes Kerry, the liberal then-junior senator from Massachusetts. She became a registered Democrat and the process of her radicalization was set in motion.  Heinz Kerry is not shy about telling people that she required Kerry to sign a prenuptial agreement before they were married. John Kerry may not have check writing privileges on the Heinz catsup and pickle fortune, but he is certainly a willing and uncomplaining beneficiary of it.  A lot of hard-earned money, made through many years of hawking catsup, mustard, and pickles has fallen into the hands of two people who despise successful entrepreneurship and who believe in the confiscatory redistribution of wealth.  So how does Mrs. Heinz Kerry spend John Heinz's money? Just one example:  According to the G2 Bulletin, an online intelligence newsletter of WorldNetDaily, in the years between 1995-2001 she gave more than $4 million to an organization called the Tides Foundation. And what does the Tides Foundation do with John Heinz’s money?  They support numerous antiwar groups, including Ramsey Clark’s International Action Center. Clark has offered to defend Saddam Hussein when he’s tried.  They support the Democratic Justice Fund, a joint venture of the Tides Foundation and billionaire hate-monger George Soros. The Democratic Justice Fund seeks to ease restrictions on Muslim immigration from terrorist states.  They support the Council for American-Islamic Relations, whose leaders are known to have close ties to the terrorist group, Hamas.  They support the National Lawyers Guild, organized as a communist front during the Cold War era. One of their attorneys, Lynne Stewart, has been arrested for helping a client, Sheikh Omar Abdel Rahman, communicate with terror cells in Egypt. He is the convicted mastermind of the 1993 World Trade Center bombing.  They support the Barrio Warriors, a radical Hispanic group whose primary goal is to return all of Arizona, California, New Mexico, and Texas to Mexico.  These are but a few of the radical groups that benefit, through the anonymity provided by the Tides Foundation, from the generosity of our would-be first lady, the wealthy widow of Republican senator John Heinz, and now the wife of the Democratic senator who aspires to be the 44th President of the United States.  Aiding and supporting our enemies is not good for America, regardless of your political views.  If voters will open their eyes, educate themselves and see the real Teresa Heinz Kerry, they will not appreciate her position as ultra rich fairy godmother of the radical left. They will not want to imagine her laying her head on a pillow each night inches away from the President of the United States.  Hopefully they love this country enough to decide that the only way these two will ever be allowed into the White House is with an engraved invitation in hand.  Instead of deleting this, pass it on. Let everyone know these people are unfit to represent this great nation. The uninformed will never hear the truth from the press, who wants Kerry elected!  Those who buy the Kerry facade, beware what you vote for — you may regret that you got it!"
"RUMEUR";"Senator John Kerry's wife owns Heinz, a company that outsources much of its work abroad.";"2004";"Kerry does not like off shore companies: Oh Really? Just came across a bit of information regarding Kerry and his claim of the Bush administration sending jobs abroad. Well, it seems that the Heinz Corporation, owned by Kerry's wife, has 79 plants where it manufacturers products and 57 of the 79 are located in countries outside of the U.S. How many U.S. jobs are lost here?  Factories located at: Taipei, Taiwan (makes Heinz baby foods) Dublin, Ireland Paris, France Dovarmenez, France Lisbon, Portugal Madrid, Spain Milan, Italy Monguzzo, Italy Athens, Greece Warsaw, Poland Pudliszki, Poland Wodzislaw, Poland Miedzychod, Poland Moscow, Russia Georgievisk, Russia Cairo, Egypt Tel Aviv, Israel Haifa, Isreal Elst, The Netherlands and 6 other plants there Brussels, Belgium Dusseldorf, Germany Seesen, Germany Turnhout, Belgium Rovereto, Italy Chateaurenand, France North York, Ontario, Canada Wheatley, Ontario, Canada Caracas,Venezuela San Jose, Costa Rica Johannesburg, South Africa Gaborone, Botswana Harare, Zimbabwe Cheguta, Zimbabwe Wellington, South Africa Melbourne, Victoria, Australia Republic of Singapore Auckland, New Zealand Tokyo, Japan Guangzhov, People's Republic of China (makes infant cereal) Qingdao, People's Republic of China (makes infant foods, ketchup, mayonnaise & puree) Inchon, South Korea (makes Heinz products and StarKist) Bangkok, Thailand Mumbai, India Jakarta, Indonesia Surabaya, Indonesia Manila, Philippines Wanchai, Hong Kong.  Also recently purchased from Bordens these products: Classico Pasta Sauce Aunt Millies Pasta Sauce Mrs. Grass Receipt Soups Wylers Bouillons & Soups.  Think of the conflict of interest a President would have who's wife owns business interests in all of these countries and others. Pass it on!!!!"
"RUMEUR";"John Kerry's Vietnam War service medals (a Bronze Star, a Silver Star and three Purple Hearts) were earned under fishy circumstances.";"2004";"This was written by a retired admiral and Annapolis graduate. The item offers no direct testimony about Kerry, but it does provide informed background useful in assessing what Kerry seems to have claimed for himself. It confirms information I have received from other sources.  Our media should be demanding that Senator Kerry open his service records in the same way they demanded that of President Bush regarding his NG service.  I was in the Delta shortly after he [Kerry] left. I know that area well. I know the operations he was involved in well. I know the tactics and the doctrine used. I know the equipment. Although I was attached to CTF-116 (PBRs) I spent a fair amount of time with CTF-115 (swift boats), Kerry's command.  Here are my problems and suspicions:  (1) Kerry was in-country less than four months and collected, a Bronze Star, a Silver Star and three purple hearts. I never heard of anybody with any outfit I worked with (including SEAL One, the Sea Wolves, Riverines and the River Patrol Force) collecting that much hardware so fast, and for such pedestrian actions. The Swifts did a commendable job. But that duty wasn't the worst you could draw. They operated only along the coast and in the major rivers (Bassac and Mekong). The rough stuff in the hot areas was mainly handled by the smaller, faster PBRs.  (2) Three Purple Hearts, but no limp. All injuries so minor that no time lost from duty. Amazing luck. Or he was putting himself in for medals every time he bumped his head on the wheel house hatch? Combat on the boats was almost always at close range. You didn't have minor wounds. At least not often. Not three times in a row. Then he used the three purple hearts to request a trip home eight months before the end of his tour. Fishy.  (3) The details of the event for which he was given the Silver Star make no sense at all. Supposedly, a B-40 was fired at the boat and missed. Charlie jumps up with the launcher in his hand, the bow gunner knocks him down with the twin .50, Kerry beaches the boat, jumps off, shoots Charlie, and retreives the launcher. If true, he did everything wrong.  (a) Standard procedure when you took rocket fire was to put your stern to the action and go balls to the wall. A B-40 has the ballistic integrity of a frisbie after about 25 yards, so you put 50 yards or so between you and the beach and begin raking it with your .50's.  (b) Did you ever see anybody get knocked down with a .50 caliber round and get up? The guy was dead or dying. The rocket launcher was empty. There was no reason to go after him (except if you knew he was no danger to you just flopping around in the dust during his last few seconds on earth, and you wanted some derring do in your after-action report). And we didn't shoot wounded people. We had rules against that, too.  (c) Kerry got off the boat. This was a major breach of standing procedures. Nobody on a boat crew ever got off a boat in a hot area. EVER! The reason was simple. If you had somebody on the beach your boat was defenseless. It coudn't run and it couldn't return fire. It was stupid and it put his crew in danger. He should have been relieved and reprimanded. I never heard of any boat crewman ever leaving a boat during or after a firefight.  Something is fishy.  Here we have a JFK wannabe (the guy Halsey wanted to court martial for carelessly losing his boat and getting a couple people killed by running across the bow of a Jap destroyer) who is hardly in Vietnam long enough to get good tan, collects medals faster than Audie Murphy in a job where lots of medals weren't common, gets sent home eight months early, requests separation from active duty a few months after that so he can run for Congress, finds out war heros don't sell well in Massachusetts in 1970 so reinvents himself as Jane Fonda, throws his ribbons in the dirt with the cameras running to jump start his political career, gets Stillborn Pell to invite him to address Congress and Bobby Kennedy's speechwriter to do the heavy lifting, winds up in the Senate himself a few years later, votes against every major defense bill, says the CIA is irrelevant after the Wall came down, votes against the Gulf War, a big mistake since that turned out well, decides not to make the same mistake twice so votes for invading Iraq, but oops, that didn't turn out so well so he now says he really didn't mean for Bush to go to war when he voted to allow him to go to war.  I'm real glad you or I never had this guy covering our flanks in Vietnam. I sure don't want him as Commander in Chief. I hope that somebody from CTF-115 shows up with some facts challenging Kerry's Vietnam record. I know in my gut it's wildy inflated. And fishy."
"RUMEUR";"The state of New York is requiring residents to take their lawn mowers for annual safety inspections.";"July 2014";"is new york state requiring everyone that owns a riding lawnmower to have it inspected in Augest 2014 or face the possibility of getting a ticket or having your lawnmower taken from the owner"
"RUMEUR";"Pennsylvania passed a law banning New Jersey drivers from its highways.";"December 2013";"I have been hearing from co-workers about a news report popping up on Facebook stating the Governor Tom Corbett has signed a bill banning all New Jersey drivers from Pennsylvania roadways unless they have their vehicles marked as student driver. This sounds sublimely rediculous to me."
"RUMEUR";"New law going into effect in November 2007 will make it illegal for motorists in Pennsylvania to use cell phones while driving.";"October 2007";"Legislative Brief Handheld Mobile Telephone Use State of Pennsylvania  Effective November 10, 2007 motorists in the state of Pennsylvania will be prohibited from using handheld mobile telephones while operating a vehicle. The Bill (House Bill No. 1827) amends Title 75 of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statues and was passed on September 11, 2007.  The Bill states that No driver shall operate any moving vehicle on a highway of this Commonwealth, which shall include Federal, State and municipal highways, while using a handheld mobile telephone.  The term handheld mobile telephone is defined by the bill as:  A mobile telephone other than a hands-free mobile telephone with which a user engages in a call using at least one hand.  It also defines hands-free mobile telephone as follows:  A mobile telephone that has an internal feature or function, or that is equipped with an attachment or addition, whether or not permanently part of such mobile telephone, by which a user engages in a call without the use of either hand, whether or not the use of either hand is necessary to activate, deactivate or initiate a function of such telephone.  The new law does not apply, however to the following, when on duty and acting in their official capacities:  Law Enforcement Officers Operators of Emergency Vehicles The bill also mentions that defensible actions for the use of a handheld mobile telephone will be:  The driver had reason to fear for the driver's safety Reporting a traffic accident Making a 911 emergency call A person who is found to be in violation of this section commits a summary offense and upon conviction, will be sentenced to pay a $50 fine."
"RUMEUR";"E-mail lists new traffic laws going into effect in 2007 California (or Texas, or Georgia, or Florida, or Washington).";"June 2007";"1. Carpool lane - 1st time $1068.50 starting 7/1/07 (The $271 posted on the highway is old). Don't do it again because 2nd time is going to be double. 3rd time triple, and 4th time license suspended.  2. Incorrect lane change - $380. Don't cross the lane on solid lines or intersections.  3. Block intersection - $485  4. Driving on the shoulder - $450  5. Cell phone use in the construction zone. - Double fine as of 07/01/07. Cell phone use must be hands free while driving.  6. Passengers over 18 not in their seatbelts - both passengers and drivers get tickets.  7. Speeders can only drive 3 miles above the limit.  8. DUI = JAIL (Stays on your driving record for 10 years!)  9. As of 07/01/07 cell phone use must be hands free while driving. Ticket is $285. They will be looking for this like crazy - easy money for police department."
"RUMEUR";"Michigan motorists can be fined for not signing the backs of their car registrations.";"January 2007";"SIGN CAR REGISTRATION OR PAY $125  Make sure your car registration has been signed on the back to avoid paying a $125 fine if you're ever pulled over for anything.  New legislation in Michigan.  At the Secretary of States office the customer service representative told me to please be sure that the registered owner of the vehicle signed the registration. She explained that if you are pulled over and the back of your registration is not signed (even though it is valid), you will be fined $125.00.  I was so stunned I had to clarify: So, if I get pulled over, and even though my tags are valid, and the registration is in my possession, BUT it is not signed by the registered owner, I will be given a ticket for $125.00? She answered YES! Apparently, this is Michigan state legislature that has recently been put into effect. Pass it on"
"RUMEUR";"State police are about to launch a 30-day speeding ticket frenzy in:  New Jersey Tri-Cities area, Tennessee (or all of Tennessee) Dallas (or all of Texas) Orange County, California Detroit (or all of Michigan) Honolulu, Hawaii Pittsburgh (or all of Pennsylvania) South Carolina Oklahoma Louisville, Kentucky (or all of Kentucky) Portland, Oregon Atlanta, Georgia Louisiana Alabama California MarylandFALSE";"May 2005";"New Jersey will launch a 30-day speeding ticket frenzy. The state estimates that 9 million dollars will be generated in speeding tickets. 1 million will go to pay state troopers overtime. There will be 50 state troopers on duty at all times patrolling the 9 main intersections and highways.  They are the following: I-295 north and south 1-95 (Jersey Turnpike) north and south 1-80 east and west I-287 north and south I-78 east and west I-195 east and west 1-280 east and west Rt. 130 north and south Garden State Parkway north and south  Now 5 mph above the limit can justify a ticket and every state trooper is supposed to pull a car over and write a ticket every 10 minutes. They have issued 30 brand new unmarked Crown Victoria cruisers and they are bringing all their part timers on full time. If you work in New Jersey, New York, or CT, you must take one of there interstates, routes, or parkways. It's up to you how fast you are doing when they do. I was told 101.5 FM confirmed all of this.  So be safe and don't forget speeding tickets are on you.  You've been warned."
"RUMEUR";"E-mail reproduces letter from John and Cindy McCain to John Hinckley.";"October 2008";"I just received this email. It looks bogus, but I can't find anything concerning it.     September 19, 2008  To: John Hinckley  From: John McCain  My wife and I wanted to drop you a short note to tell you how pleased we are with the great strides you are making in your recovery. In our fine country's new spirit of understanding and forgiveness, we want you to know there is a bilateral consensus of compassion and forgiveness throughout.  My wife Cindy and I want you to know that no grudge is borne against you for shooting President Reagan. We, above all, are aware of how the mental stress and pain could have driven you to such an act of desperation. We are confident that you will soon make a complete recovery and return to your family to join the world again as a healthy and productive young man.  Best Wishes,  John and Cindy McCain  PS: Barack Obama has been humping Jodie Foster.  I thought you should know."
"RUMEUR";"John McCain was one-upped by a heckler during a campaign stop.";"October 2008";"Is this true?  While he was making a campaign stop in Pennsylvania yesterday, John McCain kept getting interrupted by a heckler who shouted I am a Democrat! over and over.  McCain was obviously getting pissed, but he kept his anger bottled up long enough to respond to the heckler with, My friend, can I ask you *why* you're a Democrat?  The heckler said: My grandfather was a Democrat, my father was a Democrat, and I am a Democrat!  What if you father had been a jackass? McCain asked sarcastically. Then what would you be?  A Republican! the heckler yelled back."
"RUMEUR";"John McCain came up with a clever put-down for a student who claimed the older generation can't understand the current one.";"September 2008";"A stunning senior moment  A self-important college freshman attending a recent football game took it upon himself to explain to John McCain sitting next to him why it was impossible for the older generation to understand his generation.  'You grew up in a different world, actually an almost primitive one', the student said, loud enough for many of those nearby to hear. 'The young people of today grew up with television, jet planes, space travel, man walking on the moon. Our space probes have visited Mars. We have nuclear energy, ships and electric and hydrogen cars, cell phones, computers with light-speed processing ... and more.'  After a brief silence, John McCain responded as follows:  'You're right, son. We didn't have those things when we were young ... so we invented them. Now, you arrogant little boy, what are you doing for the next generation?'  The applause was amazing ..."
"RUMEUR";"Letter from Ann and Nancy Wilson of Heart castigates John McCain for using their Barracuda as a campaign song.";"September 2008";"I received the attached photo today reportedly of an article by Ann and Nancy Wilson of Heart asking the Republican campaign to cease and desist using their song Barracuda in ads supporting Sarah Palin. Is this an actual article? It's hard to tell as there is nothing to indicate where or when it might have been published."
"RUMEUR";"John McCain would not be eligible to draw a pension after serving two terms as president.";"August 2008";"Retirement - Mr. President  A point to ponder ...  A president's pension currently is $191,300 per year, until he is 80 years old.  Assuming the next president lives to age 80. Sen. McCain would receive ZERO pension as he would reach 80 at the end of two terms as president. Sen. Obama would be retired for 26 years after two terms and would receive $4,973,800 in pension.  Therefore it would certainly make economic sense to elect McCain in November.  How's that for non partisan thinking?"
"RUMEUR";"John McCain declared during a 60 Minutes interview that he was a war criminal who bombed innocent women and children.";"February 2008";"Is this true?  I am a war criminal, McCain said on 60 Minutes in 1997. I bombed innocent women and children."
"RUMEUR";"ISIS militants fed a captured man's remains to his distraught mother.";"March 2015";"ISIS Fed A Woman Searching For Her Kidnapped Son Some Meat And Rice To Only Find Out The Meat Was Her Own Son     An old Kurdish woman was searching for her son, held by ISIS. They fed her a meal, but it was her son's own body"
"RUMEUR";"President Obama and Hillary Clinton were criminally charged by Egyptian courts with aiding and abetting terrorists.";"February 2015";"Obama & Hillary Officially Charged as Accessories to Terrorism...By The Egyptian Government     BREAKING: Obama And Hillary Officially Charged With Aiding Terrorists     'Accessories' To Terrorism: Obama And Hillary OFFICIALLY Charged"
"RUMEUR";"Image captures caged Christian children burned alive by ISIS.";"February 2015";"According to the UN, ISLAMIC ISIS are Crucifying and Burning children alive!     SO ISIS is now burning people alive? 45 and have children in a cage ready to burn? Tell me why we are not blowing them off the planet? pigs"
"RUMEUR";"Rumor: A nuclear bomb was detonated in Ukraine in February 2015.";"February 2015";"It's all over Facebook that a nuclear bomb went off in the Ukraine?"
"RUMEUR";"Photograph shows an ISIS terrorist crushing babies whose parents have refused to convert from Christianity to Islam.";"September 2014";"They claim to be the religion of peace. They are called the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria.  Barack Obama claims they aren't Islamic. (Hey bud, it's in their name.)  They are Islamic. They are barbarians. They do want to take over the world.  In a three photo slide show, an ISIS cleric kills a baby belonging to a Christian family who refused to convert to Islam. ISIS thugs are spreading across the Middle East and are calling on their affiliates in the United States to begin doing the same. After Friday's beheading in Oklahoma, Americans need to both be on guard and be angry.  The religion of peace has started another Crusade, and most Americans are blissfully unaware.  If there's ever a time to realize that the enemy is here and they must be defeated, it is now."
"RUMEUR";"U.S. troops in Afghanistan have been ordered to carry weapons with no bullets.";"January 2014";"I suspect this is crazy propaganda but a website is promoting this as fact: Obama Regime orders U.S. troops in Afghanistan to carry WEAPONS with NO BULLETS"
"RUMEUR";"The removal of yellowcake uranium from Iraq in 2008 proved that Saddam Hussein had been trying to restart Iraq's nuclear program.";"August 2008";"Uranium in Iraq?  I wonder why this hasn't been on the evening news . . .  Secret U.S. mission hauls uranium from Iraq  Last major stockpile from Saddam's nuclear efforts arrives in Canada  http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/25546334  Secret U.S. Mission Hauls Uranium From Iraq On July 5, 2008, the Associated Press (AP) released a story titled: Secret U.S. mission hauls uranium from Iraq. The opening paragraph is as follows:  The last major remnant of Saddam Hussein's nuclear program - a huge stockpile of concentrated natural uranium - reached a Canadian port Saturday to complete a secret U.S. operation that included a two week airlift from Baghdad and a ship voyage crossing two oceans.  See anything wrong with this picture? We have been hearing from the far-left for more than five years how, 'Bush lied.' Somehow, that slogan loses its credibility now that 550 metric tons of Saddam's yellowcake, used for nuclear weapon enrichment, has been discovered and shipped to Canada for its new use as nuclear energy.  It appears that American troops found the 550 metric tons of uranium in 2003 after invading Iraq. They had to sit on this information and the uranium itself, for fear of terrorists attempting to steal it. It was guarded and kept safe by our military in a 23,000-acre site with large sand beams surrounding the site.  This is vindication for the Bush administration, having been attacked mercilessly by the liberal media and the far-left pundits on the blogosphere. Now that it is proven that President Bush did not lie about Saddam's nuclear ambitions, one would think the mainstream media would report the story? Once the AP released the story, the mainstream media should have picked it up and broadcast it worldwide.  This never happened, due in large part I believe, to the fact that the mainstream media would have to admit they were wrong about Bush's war motives all along. Thankfully, the AP got it right when it said, The removal of 550 metric tons of 'yellowcake' — the seed material for higher-grade nuclear enrichment — was a significant step toward closing the books on Saddam's nuclear legacy.  Closing the book on Saddam's nuclear legacy? Did Saddam have a nuclear legacy after all? I thought Bush lied? As it turns out, the people who lied were Joe Wilson and his wife.  Valerie Plame engaged in a clear case of nepotism and convinced the CIA to send her husband on a fact finding mission in February 2002, seeking to determine if Saddam Hussein attempted to buy yellowcake from Niger. The CIA and British intelligence believed Saddam contacted Niger for that purpose but needed proof.  During his trip to Niger, Wilson actually interviewed the former prime minister of Niger, Ibrahim Assane Mayaki. Mayaki told Wilson that in June of 1999, an Iraqi delegation expressed interest in 'expanding commercial relations' for the purposes of purchasing yellowcake.  Wilson chose to overlook Mayaki's remarks and reported to the CIA that there was no evidence of Hussein wanting to purchase yellowcake from Niger. However, with British intelligence insisting the claim was true, President Bush used that same claim in his State of the Union address in January of 2003. Outraged by Bush's insistence that the claim was true, Wilson wrote an op-ed in the New York Times in the summer of 2003 slamming Bush.  Wilson did this in spite of the fact that Mayaki said Saddam did try to buy the yellowcake from Niger. The Senate Select Committee on Intelligence disagreed with Wilson and supported Mayaki's claim. This meant nothing to Wilson who was opposed to the Iraq war and thus had ulterior motives in covering up the prime minister's statements.  It was a simple tactic really. If the far-left and their friends in the media could prove Bush lied about Hussein wanting to purchase yellowcake from Niger, it would undermine President Bush's credibility and give them more cause for asking what other 'lies' he may have told.  Yet, the real lie came from Wilson, who interpreted his own meaning from the prime minister's statements and concluded all by himself that the claim of Saddam attempting to purchase yellowcake was 'unequivocally wrong.' Curiously, the CIA sat on this information and did not inform the CIA Director, who sided with Bush on the yellowcake claim. This was made public in a bipartisan Senate Intelligence Committee report in July 2004.  Valerie Plame also engaged in her own lie campaign by spreading the notion that the Bush administration 'outed' her as a CIA agent. Never mind that it was Richard Armitage — no friend of the Bush administration — who leaked Plame's identity to the press. Never mind that Plame had not been in the field as a CIA agent in some six years.  The truth is, due to their opposition to the war, Joe Wilson, Valerie Plame, the mainstream media and their left-wing friends on the blogosphere engaged in a propaganda campaign to undermine the Bush administration. Now that Saddam's uranium has been made public and is no longer a threat to the world, do you think these aforementioned parties will apologize and admit they were wrong? Don't count on it. The rest of the Ame! rican people should hear the truth about Saddam's uranium. It is up to you and me to inform them every chance we get.  As far as the anti-war crowd is concerned, the next time they say that, 'Bush lied,' we should tell them to, 'Have the yellowcake and eat it too.'"
"RUMEUR";"An ABC News report omitted interviews conducted with several dozen U.S. soldiers in Iraq who expressed support for Senator John McCain.";"June 2008";"This from Major General Buckman (Ret.)  My niece, Katelyn, stationed at Baluud, Iraq was assigned, with others of her detachment, to be an escort/guard for Martha Raddatz of ABC News as she covered John McCain's recent trip to Iraq. Katelyn and her Captain stood directly behind Raddatz as she queried GI's walking past. They kept count of the GI's and you should remember these numbers. She asked 60 GI's who they planned to vote for in November. 54 said John McCain, 4 said Obama and 2 said Hillary. Katelyn called home and told her Mom and Dad to watch ABC news the next night because she was standing directly behind Raddatz and maybe they'd see her on TV. Mom and Dad of course, called and emailed all the kinfolk to watch the newscast and maybe see Katelyn. Well, of course, we all watched and what we saw wasn't a glimpse of Katelyn, but got a hell'uva view of skewed news! After a dissertation on McCain's trip and speech, ABC showed 5 GI's being asked by Raddatz how they were going to vote in November 3 for Obama and 2 for Clinton. Not one mention of the 54 for McCain!"
"RUMEUR";"A U.S. sniper, asked what he feels when he shoots an al-Qaeda member, replied: Recoil.";"2006";"While interviewing an anonymous US Special Forces soldier on his sniper skills, a Reuters News agent asked the soldier what he felt when shooting members of al Qaeda in Afghanistan. The soldier shrugged and replied, 'Recoil.'  On December 9, 2005, CNN covered an interview of a US Special Forces soldier, a member of an elite sniper team. A Reuters reporter trying to milk the interview for all it was worth asked the young soldier, in a less than respectful tone, and in an effort to make him feel guilty, What do you feel, if anything, when you shoot an Al Quaeda freedom fighter from such a long distance? The young soldier shrugged his shoulders and replied. RECOIL & turned and walked away.  Katie Couric, while interviewing a Marine sniper, asked: What do you feel when you shoot a terrorist?  The Marine shrugged and replied: Recoil."
"RUMEUR";"Cindy Sheehan's son, Casey, was raised by her ex-husband after the couple divorced and both remarried.";"2005";"Another view of Cindy Sheehan  What is most interesting is that the press gives this little bunch of people who are protesting with Cindy so much air time without discussing Cindy's background. This is a case of more press bias.  It has been pointed out on just a couple of media outlets that Cindy divorced her first husband and left her son with him to be raised while she became a political activist for the Democrat Party. She had very little to do with her son in his growing years.  She remarried. The 1st husband remarried. The original father raised the son with his new wife. They miss their son and mourn the loss of his life. They have stated that they are very proud of their son and that they agree with the stance of America in Iraq and on terror. They said that their son was eager to serve and to go fight the terrorists in Iraq. He volunteered. How many news stations carried their interview? Not many.  So the son dies in Iraq and then Cindy shows up to make a stink. She gets an audience with Bush. That was not enough. She goes to Crawford and demands another audience. How many news stations carry the ongoing saga of Cindy? Practically all of them. Cindy didn't care about her son. She let another woman raise him. Cindy doesn't care about the other soldiers in Iraq. Cindy cares about her liberal, feminist agenda and about using the death of her son to lobby against Republicans and Bush. And the press is helping her. Why?  Then a few days ago, Cindy's 2nd husband filed for a divorce from Cindy. Cindy sounds like a feminist opportunist who did not have the sense of responsibility to even raise her own son. It looks like her 2nd husband is fed up with Cindy. We Middle Americans should be fed up with Cindy also. We should be fed up with the press. They manipulate us into their group think and into the responses that they want on their polls."
"RUMEUR";"Under the LARK program, Taliban detainees are being housed with liberals who disagree with the government's treatment of prisoners kept at Guantanamo Bay.";"2005";"A person wrote a letter to the White House complaining about the treatment of a captive taken during the Afghanistan war. Attached is a copy of a letter they received back:  The White House 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue Washington, D.C., 20016  Dear Concerned Citizen:  Thank you for your recent letter roundly criticizing our treatment of the Taliban and Al Qaeda detainees currently being held at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.  Our administration takes these matters seriously, and your opinion was heard loud and clear here in Washington. You'll be pleased to learn that, thanks to the concerns of citizens like you, we are creating a new division of the Terrorist Retraining Program, to be called the Liberals Accept Responsibility for Killers program, or LARK for short. In accordance with the guidelines of this new program, we have decided to place one terrorist under your personal care.  Your personal detainee has been selected and scheduled for transportation under heavily armed guard to your residence next Monday. Ali Mohammed Ahmed bin Mahmud (you can just call him Ahmed) is to be cared for pursuant to the standards you personally demanded in your letter of admonishment. It will likely be necessary for you to hire some assistant caretakers. We will conduct weekly inspections to ensure that your standards of care for Ahmed are commensurate with those you so strongly recommended in your letter.  Although Ahmed is sociopathic and extremely violent, we hope that your sensitivity to what you described as his attitudinal problem will help him overcome these character flaws.  Perhaps you are correct in describing these problems as mere cultural differences. He will bite you, given the chance. We understand that you plan to offer counseling and home schooling. Your adopted terrorist is extremely proficient in hand-to-hand combat and can extinguish human life with such simple items as a pencil or nail clippers. We do not suggest that you ask him to demonstrate these skills at your next yoga group. He is also expert at making a wide variety of explosive devices from common household products, so you may wish to keep those items locked up, unless (in your opinion) this might offend him.  Ahmed will not wish to interact with your wife or daughters (except sexually) since he views females as a subhuman form of property. This is a particularly sensitive subject for him, and he has been known to show violent tendencies around women who fail to comply with the new dress code that Ahmed will recommend as more appropriate attire. I'm sure they will come to enjoy the anonymity offered by the bhurka - over time. Just remind them that it is all part of respecting his culture and his religious beliefs - wasn't that how you put it?  Thanks again for your letter. We truly appreciate it when folks like you, who know so much, keep us informed of the proper way to do our job. You take good care of Ahmed - and remember...we'll be watching. Good luck!  Cordially...Your Buddy,  Don Rumsfeld   "
"RUMEUR";"Quranic verse 9:11 speaks of the wrath of the Eagle cleansing the lands of Allah.";"2003";"Quran (9:11) -- For it is written that a son of Arabia would awaken a fearsome Eagle. The wrath of the Eagle would be felt throughout the lands of Allah and lo, while some of the people trembled in despair still more rejoiced for the wrath of the Eagle cleansed the lands of Allah and there was peace."
"RUMEUR";"French's mustard released a press statement to let U.S. consumers know the only thing we have in common with the French is that we are both yellow.";"2003";"The makers of French's Mustard made the following recent statement:  We at the French's Company wish to put an end to statements that our product is manufactured in France. There is no relationship, nor has there ever been a relationship, between our mustard and the country of France. Indeed, our mustard in manufactured in Rochester, NY. The only thing we have in common is that we are both yellow."
"RUMEUR";"The daughter of U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney went to Iraq to become a human shield.";"2003";"The London based Arabic daily Al Quds Al Arabi reported on Tuesday, March 25 that the American vice president, Dick Cheney, would soon head to the Jordanian capital, Amman.  The newspaper claimed that the visit would be an attempt by Cheney to convince his daughter, who was in the Jordanian capital, to back down her decision to go to Baghdad within a group of volunteers who want to form human shields against the US led attacks on Iraq.  Al Quds Al Arabi cited news reports it claimed circulating in Amman as saying that Cheney would arrive in the Jordanian capital soon on a special visit it described as having a social mission. News agencies cited sources as saying that Cheney will arrive in Amman next Friday. He will try to convince his daughter who is currently staying at a hotel in Amman not to go to Baghdad along with a group of volunteers who want to go to Iraq and form human shields against the Anglo American attacks, said the report."
"RUMEUR";"Nancy Pelosi could not answer a query about which voyage around the world was Captain Cook's last.";"October 2008";"[Collected via e-mail, October 2008] A VERY GOOD EXAMPLE OF THE KIND OF REPRESENTATION WE HAVE IN CONGRESS:  A noted psychiatrist was a guest speaker at an academic function where Nancy Pelosi happened to appear. Ms Pelosi took the opportunity to schmooze the good doctor a bit and asked him a question with which he was most at ease.  Would you mind telling me, Doctor, she asked, how you detect a mental deficiency in somebody who appears completely normal?  Nothing is easier, he replied. You ask a simple question which anyone should answer with no trouble. If the person hesitates, that puts you on the track.  What sort of question? asked Pelosi.  Well, you might ask, 'Captain Cook made three trips around the world and died during one of them. Which one?'  Pelosi thought a moment, and then said with a nervous laugh, You wouldn't happen to have another example would you? I must confess I don't know much about history."
"RUMEUR";"Nancy Pelosi advocated implementing a 100% windfall tax on stock market profits and retirement income.";"2006";"Published: October 22, 2006  Nancy Pelosi condemned the new record highs of the stock market as just another example of Bush policies helping the rich get richer. First Bush cut taxes for the rich and the economy has rebounded with new record low unemployment rates, which only means wealthy employers are getting even wealthier at the expense of the underpaid working class.  She went on to say Despite the billions of dollars being spent in Iraq our economy is still strong and government tax revenues are at all time highs. What this really means is that business is exploiting the war effort and working Americans, just to put money in their own pockets. When questioned about recent stock market highs she responded Only the rich benefit from these record highs. Working Americans, welfare recipients, the unemployed and minorities are not sharing in these obscene record highs.  There is no question these windfall profits and income created by the Bush administration need to be taxed at 100% rate and those dollars redistributed to the poor and working class.  Profits from the stock market do not reward the hard work of our working class who, by their hard work, are responsible for generating these corporate profits that create stock market profits for the rich. We in congress will need to address this issue to either tax these profits or to control the stock market to prevent this unearned income to flow to the rich.  When asked about the fact that over 80% of all Americans have investments in mutual funds, retirement funds, 401K's, and the stock market she replied, That may be true, but probably only 5% account for 90% of all these investment dollars. That's just more trickle down economics claiming that if a corporation is successful that everyone from the CEO to the floor sweeper benefit from higher wages and job security which is ridiculous. How much of this trickle down ever get to the unemployed and minorities in our county? None, and that's the tragedy of these stock market highs.  We democrats are going to address this issue after the election when we take control of the congress. We will return to the 60% to 80% tax rates on the rich and we will be able to take at least 30% of all current lower Federal Income Tax taxpayers off the roles and increase government income substantially. We need to work toward the goal of equalizing income in our country and at the same time limiting the amount the rich can invest.  When asked how these new tax dollars would be spent, she replied We need to raise the standard of living of our poor, unemployed and minorities. For example, we have an estimated 12 million illegal immigrants in our country who need our help along with millions of unemployed minorities. Stock market windfall profits taxes could go a long ways to guarantee these people the standard of living they would like to have as Americans  A Bush spokesman responded to this interview by saying Mrs. Pelosi has set a new standard for the spin business.   "
"RUMEUR";"The NRA has banned the carrying of guns from their own national convention.";"April 2015";"Did the NRA just ban guns at their national convention?"
"RUMEUR";"President Obama has required that ammunition cartridges use primer that expires after one year.";"July 2014";"Word is circulating where I live in Murphy, NC that by law, the primer that is used to fire the bullet is only good for one year. This being done by President Obama to restrict the hoarding of ammunition. Have you heard this and if so is there any truth to it."
"RUMEUR";"Document announces the creation of a United Nations Civilian Weapons Confiscation Study Group.";"August 2013";"Received an email purporting to show a message from the United Nations, about forcibly disarming civilians of many nations. Called UNODA: United Nations Office for Disarmament Affairs."
"RUMEUR";"Senator Dianne Feinstein said that All vets are mentally ill and the government should prevent them from owning firearms.";"April 2013";"Can you verify this quote? Dianne Feinstein: All vets are mentally ill and the government should prevent them from owning firearms."
"RUMEUR";"The Dick Act passed in 1903 invalidates all gun control laws in the U.S.";"July 2012";"The Dick Act of 1902 also known as the Efficiency of Militia Bill H.R. 11654, of June 28, 1902 invalidates all so-called gun-control laws. It also divides the militia into three distinct and separate entities.  The three classes H.R. 11654 provides for are the organized militia, henceforth known as the National Guard of the State, Territory and District of Columbia, the unorganized militia and the regular army.  The militia encompasses every able-bodied male between the ages of 18 and 45. All members of the unorganized militia have the absolute personal right and 2nd Amendment right to keep and bear arms of any type, and as many as they can afford to buy.  The Dick Act of 1902 cannot be repealed to do so would violate bills of attainder and ex post facto laws which would be yet another gross violation of the U.S. Constitution and the Bill of Rights.  The President of the United States has zero authority without violating the Constitution to call the National Guard to serve outside of their State borders."
"RUMEUR";" Video documents that the shootings at Sandy Hook Elementary School were a staged hoax.";"January 2013";"I'm seeing facebook postings regarding a conspiracy that either the Sandy Hook massacre didn't happen and the people we see being interviewed are crisis actors hired to play the role of parents, etc., or it did happen but was the work of the government who used Lanza to carry out the massacre. The purpose was to move the anti-gun movement forward."
"RUMEUR";"An advertisement by the Brady Campaign contrasts rape with gun murders.";"January 2013";"This started going around Facebook recently. Any truth to the fact that the Brady campaign is behind this?"
"RUMEUR";"More homicides in the U.S. are committed with baseball bats than with firearms.";"December 2012";"I have seen that the FBI says that more people are killed by baseball bats than by firearms. Is this true?     What percentage of homicides are committed via baseball bats verses guns?     I'm told that baseball bats kill more people annually than guns. I can't believe that is true.     More people are killed each year by baseball bats than by guns. [true or false]"
"RUMEUR";"The U.S. Ambassador to Egypt prevented Marines stationed at the U.S. embassy in Cairo from carrying live ammunition.";"September 2012";"I saw a post on facebook that is claiming that U.S. Marines stationed at the U.S. Embassy in Egypt were not allowed to carry live ammunition by the U.S. Ambassador to Egypt and thus were unable to handle the protestors who attacked the embassy."
"RUMEUR";"Medicare regulations require that doctors ask patients whether they own guns.";"March 2012";"IMPORTANT !!!  FYI  I am passing this along...there are comments from two other people I have also been asked if we keep guns in the house. The nurse just kinda slipped it in along with all the other regular questions. I told her I refused to answer because it was against the law to ask. Everyone, whether you have guns or not, should give a neutral answer so they have no idea who does and who doesn't.  My doctor asked me if I had guns in my house and also if any were loaded. I , of course, answered yes to both questions. Then he asked why I kept a loaded gun close to my bed. I answered that my son, who is a certified gun instructor and also works for Homeland Security, advised me that an unloaded, locked up gun is no protection against criminal attack. The Government now requires these questions be asked of people on Medicare, and probably everyone else.  Just passing this along for your information: I had to visit a doctor other than my regular doctor when my doctor was on vacation. One of the questions on the form I had to fill out was: Do you have any guns in your house?? My answer was None of your damn business!! So it is out there!  It is either an insurance issue or government intervention. Either way, it is out there and the second the government gets into your medical records (As they want to under Obamacare) it will become a major issue and will ultimately result in lock and load!!  Please pass this on to all the other retired guys and gun owners...Thanks.     From a Vietnam Vet and retired Police Officer:  I had a doctors appointment at the local VA clinic yesterday and found out something very interesting that I would like to pass along.  While going through triage before seeing the doctor, I was asked at the end of the exam, three questions:  1. Did I feel stressed?  2. Did I feel threatened?  3. Did I feel like doing harm to someone?  The nurse then informed me, that if I had answered yes to any of the questions, I would have lost my concealed carry permit as it would have gone into my medical records and the VA would have reported it to Homeland Security.  Looks like they are going after the vets first. Other gun people like retired law enforcement will probably be next. Then when they go after the civilians, what argument will they have?  Be forewarned and be aware. The Obama administration has gone on record as considering veterans and gun owners potential terrorists. Whether you are a gun owner veteran or not, YOU'VE BEEN WARNED !  If you know veterans and gun owners, please pass this on to them. Be very cautious about what you say and to whom."
"RUMEUR";"George Soros is buying up and shutting down firearms manufacturers, including Marlin Firearms.";"October 2011";"For the last several years a company called The Freedom Group has been buying up gun and ammunition manufacturers. Some of the companies are Bushmaster, Marlin, Remington, DPMS, Dakota Arms and H&R.  Some people worry that this Freedom Group is going to control most of the firearms companies in the United States.  If you control the manufacturers you can decide to stop selling to civilians. What a perfect way to control guns.  Now if you do some digging you will see that The Freedom Group is owned by a company called Cerberus Capital Management. Guess who controls Cerberus??? GEORGE SOROS!!!!!!!!! One of the most evil men on this planet who wants to restrict or ban all civilian guns.  Please pass this on to all your freedom loving friends. This needs to come out.  Why have we not heard about this in the mainstream media? I would think this would be BIG news."
"RUMEUR";"A U.N. small arms treaty signed by the U.S. provides a legal way around the 2nd Amendment.";"April 2010";"While you were watching the oil spill, the New York failed terrorist bombing and other critical crises, Hillary Clinton signed the small arms treaty with the UN.  OBAMA FINDS LEGAL WAY AROUND THE 2ND AMENDMENT AND USES IT. IF THIS PASSES, THERE COULD BE WAR  On Wednesday the Obama administration took its first major step in a plan to ban all firearms in the United States. The Obama administration intends to force gun control and a complete ban on all weapons for US citizens through the signing of international treaties with foreign nations. By signing international treaties on gun control, the Obama administration can use the US State Department to bypass the normal legislative process in Congress. Once the US Government signs these international treaties, all US citizens will be subject to those gun laws created by foreign governments. These are laws that have been developed and promoted by organizations such as the United Nations and individuals such as George Soros and Michael Bloomberg.  The laws are designed and intended to lead to the complete ban and confiscation of all firearms. The Obama administration is attempting to use tactics and methods of gun control that will inflict major damage to our 2nd Amendment before US citizens even understand what has happened.  Obama can appear before the public and tell them that he does not intend to pursue any legislation (United States) that will lead to new gun control laws, while cloaked in secrecy, his Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton is committing the US to international treaties and foreign gun control laws.  Does that mean Obama is telling the truth? What it means is that there will be no publicized gun control debates in the media or votes in Congress. We will wake up one morning and find that the United States has signed a treaty that prohibits firearm and ammunition manufacturers from selling to the public. We will wake up another morning and find that the US has signed a treaty that prohibits any transfer of firearm ownership. And then, we will wake up yet another morning and find that the US has signed a treaty that requires US citizens to deliver any firearm they own to the local government collection and destruction center or face imprisonment. This has happened in other countries, past and present!  THIS IS NOT A JOKE OR A FALSE WARNING.  As sure as government health care will be forced on us by the Obama administration through whatever means necessary, so will gun control.  Read the article: http://www.reuters.com/article/politicsNews/idUSTRE59E0Q920091015 Please forward this message to others who may be concerned about the direction in which our country is headed. This is a very serious matter! Silence will lead us to Socialism!!!"
"RUMEUR";"A bill currently before Congress would require that all handgun owners list their guns on federal income tax returns.";"May 2009";"Senate Bill SB-2099 will require us to put on our 2009 1040 federal tax form all guns that you have or own. It may require fingerprints and a tax of $50 per gun.  This bill was introduced on Feb. 24. This bill will become public knowledge 30 days after it is voted into law. This is an amendment to the Internal Revenue Act of 1986. This means that the Finance Committee can pass this without the Senate voting on it at all.  The full text of the proposed amendment is on the U.S. Senate homepage, http://www.senate.gov/  You can find the bill by doing a search by the bill number, SB-2099."
"RUMEUR";"Japanese engineers have created a robotic bear to aid in assisted suicides.";"May 2015";"I'm reaching out to clarify about this article about SeppuKuma, a robot bear that helps with assisted suicide. Is this true?"
"RUMEUR";"NFL quarterback Tim Tebow issued a Tweet about the 2012 election results.";"November 2012";"I saw this on Twitter and I am wondering if this is true? Did Tim Tebow tweet this?  I'm predicting Obama will take an early lead tomorrow ... Until all the Republicans get off work. #RomneyRyan2012"
"RUMEUR";"Mitt Romney's son Tagg owns a company that manufactures voting machines.";"October 2012";"Is it true that Tagg Romney, son of Mitt Romney, buys voting machines through Bain Capitol?     Tagg Romney, the son of Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney, has purchased electronic voting machines that will be used in the 2012 elections in Ohio, Texas, Oklahoma, Washington and Colorado.  Through a closely held equity fund called Solamere, Mitt Romney and his wife, son and brother are major investors in an investment firm called H.I.G. Capital. H.I.G. in turn holds a majority share and three out of five board members in Hart Intercivic, a company that owns the notoriously faulty electronic voting machines that will count the ballots in swing state Ohio November 7. Hart machines will also be used elsewhere in the United States.  In other words, a candidate for the presidency of the United States, and his brother, wife and son, have a straight-line financial interest in the voting machines that could decide this fall's election. These machines cannot be monitored by the public. But they will help decide who owns the White House."
"RUMEUR";"Photograph shows Oprah Winfrey endorsing Mitt Romney for President.";"October 2012";"This Picture of Oprah endorsing Romney with the caption, because,She wants to keep her money, appeared on Facebook.com. It said it was credited to the Tea Party Organization.     Someone sent me a picture on Facebook showing Oprah Winfrey standing in front of a Romney/Ryan campaign billboard. Can you find out if this is legitimate?     There is a photo of Oprah on Facebook showing her with a thumbs up in front of Romney/Ryan backdrop saying she is voting for Romney this time. True or false?     Last election Oprah brought in approx. 15% of the vote for Obama it is said.... Her endorsement really made him. She is not a stupid woman, and knows exactly what she is doing by being with Romney this week and saying he is a marvelous man, honest and good man and she is excellent friends with him and loves both him and Ann, right before the election...she is really endorsing him and supporting him. You haven't seen her with Obama lately?"
"RUMEUR";"Mitt Romney's campaign slogan, Keep America American, is identical to a catchphrase once used by the Ku Klux Klan.";"September 2012";"There is a facebook circulating that says that Mitt Romney's campaign slogan, Keep America American is the same as the Klu Klux Klan's slogan in 1922. Is this true?"
"RUMEUR";"Mitt Romney said he was too important to go to Vietnam.";"August 2012";"Did Mitt Romney actually say, I was too important to go to Vietnam? There are many references to this online, but I have been unable to confirm that it is true.  This stuff about Mitt Romney being a draft dodger seems false to me ... it's circulating around the internet on social media sites:     Monday, at a press event in California before the GOP primary in that state, former Gov. Mitt Romney was asked about his support of United States military involvement overseas. He was pleased to answer the question, however after his response, his answer to a follow-up question regarding his four deferments from the Vietnam War did not please onlookers, especially veterans.  The Vietnam War came at a time in my life when I had other plans. I knew in my heart of hearts that I would one day serve my nation. That I would one day hold an office that would help not only our nation, but also the world. So I did what I could to make sure that I would be around to serve my nation, as well as serving God by teaching very important religious principles to a broader audience overseas. My father did not want me serving, and he convinced me that yes, I was too important to go to Vietnam. I had a greater purpose in life. I wasn’t neglecting my nation, but rather preparing myself for a future of service.”  [Rest of article here.]"
"RUMEUR";"Mitt Romney's son Alexander said that We serve our country by making money, to tell you the truth. Let the unemployed fight.";"August 2012";"Mitt Romney's sons were on Conan O'Brien's show and Alexander Romney said:  Well, my grandfather and father never served, never wanted to serve, dad got four deferments, and I can't see any of us running off to fight any time soon. We serve our country by making money, to tell you the truth. Let the unemployed fight."
"RUMEUR";"Ann Romney said men deserve to be paid at a higher rate than women.";"April 2012";"Did Ann Romney really say this:  Why should women be paid equal to men? Men have been in the working world a lot longer and deserve to be paid at a higher rate. Heck, I'm a working mom and I've not paid a dime. I depend on my husband to provide for me and my family, as should most women ... and if a woman does work, she should be happy just to be out there in the working world and quit complaining that she's not making as much as her male counterparts. I mean really, all this wanting to be equal nonsense is going to be detrimental to the future of women everywhere. Who's going to want to hire a woman, or for that matter, even marry a woman who thinks she is the same, if not better than a man at any job. It's almost laughable. C'mon now ladies, are you with me on this?  The article I read says this was a direct quote from a Moms for Mitt meeting in Philadelphia on April 17th."
"RUMEUR";"Mitt Romney said he can relate to black people because his ancestors once owned slaves.";"April 2012";"Is this statement true?  Mitt Romney was addressing a crowd in Prattville, Alabama, when he stated: I understand how difficult it can be for an African-American in today's society. In fact, I can relate to black people very well indeed. My ancestors once owned slaves, and it is in my lineage to work closely with the black community. However, just because they were freed over a century ago doesn't mean they can now be freeloaders. They need to be told to work hard, and the incentives just aren't there for them anymore. When I'm president I plan to work closely with the black community to bring a sense of pride and work ethic back into view for them."
"RUMEUR";"Photograph shows Mitt Romney posing with children whose shirts spell out the word MONEY.";"February 2012";"I've seen this image floating around Facebook for about two weeks now. I was wondering if this is the result of photo manipulation, or if this was an honest mistake (or perhaps an intentional joke on the part of the Romney family). I can't trace the origin of this image."
"RUMEUR";"Ted Cruz said in a CPAC speech that diseases such as AIDS and cancer can be eradicated through prayer.";"March 2015";"Do you agree with this Ted Cruz statement? At this year's CPAC, he said the following: There would be less disease, less cancer and AIDS and diabetes in this country if people would simply pray. God blesses the righteous with good health and curses the wicked with sickness."
"RUMEUR";"Ted Cruz is ineligible to serve as President of the United States because he was born in Canada.";"March 2015";""
"RUMEUR";"The seven astronauts supposedly killed in the 1986 Space Shuttle Challenger explosion are quietly living out their lives in the U.S.";"April 2015";"What about this silly thing about the Challenger astronauts still being alive which I have seen floating on Facebook."
"RUMEUR";"A leaked Pentagon video reveals a government plot to vaccinate people against thoughts, ideas, and religion.";"January 2015";"Pentagon FunVax presentation on how the military can spread a virus and use a vaccine to extinguish undesirable human behavior. Behavior modification through vaccination. Say goodbye to your free will."
"RUMEUR";"The United States government was sued and found culpable for the murder of Martin Luther King, Jr., but the news media refused to report it.";"January 2015";"I was on tumblr today and I can across a post that said that the government was proven guilty of conspiring to kill MLK jr. and that the media did not cover it. Is this true? thanks for your help!"
"RUMEUR";"A Muslim terrorist disguised in a burqa was killed trying to hijack a plane in Ohio, and the media purposely did not report the foiled plot.";"January 2015";"Muslim Terrorist Killed While Trying To Hijack Airplane In U.S. And You're Not Being Told About It  is this article true?     One of Obama's Brothers! Make it VIRAL RT Muslim Terrorist Killed While Trying To Hijack Airplane"
"RUMEUR";"The government is arresting citizens for anti-Obama Facebook posts.";"October 2014";"This article claims that the government is arresting people for anti-Obama facebook posts. Can you please research whether this is true or not? It seems very unlikely to me.     Operation Vigilant Eagle. Is it true some people who have posted anti Obama comments on Facebook are being arrested?"
"RUMEUR";"The Ebola virus doesn't exist, victims of the disease previously got shots from the Red Cross, and the Ebola crisis was invented to rob Africa of her natural resources.";"October 2014";"There is an article running around saying the people contacting ebola are those getting injections from the Red Cross. Here's a link to the story I saw.     From Ghana: Ebola is not real and the only people who have gotten sick are those who got shots from the red cross.     as The Red Cross is not a US organisation this claim appears flawed, could Snopes look into it please.     Hello. Came across this article. Wanted to know its validity. It says that ebola is fake, but doesn't look like satire. Any help is greatly appreciated"
"RUMEUR";"The U.S. government is planning to implement mandatory Ebola vaccinations for all residents.";"October 2014";"Ebola vaccine is going to be mandatory for all people in the U.S. Everyone will have to carry medical cards showing that they have received the vaccine to be employed, receive driver's license, buy groceries, etc. Those who do not comply will be quarantined in segregation areas until they do."
"RUMEUR";"Senator Harry Reid and a Chinese company building a solar plant are behind a standoff between federal agents and a Nevada rancher.";"April 2014";"Site are reporting that Harry Reid is in cahoots with ENN a Chinese firm for which his son works to take over the range area in dispute with that Nevada rancher and the Bureau of Land Management. Is there any truth here?     The Bundy Ranch in NV standoff with BLM is being attributed to Harry Reid's desire to help his son secure rights for a Chinese company to build a solar energy farm in the Nevada desert.  It's making it's rounds on Facebook and, of course, the internet."
"RUMEUR";"The federal government is preventing Volkswagen's XL1 model car from being sold in the U.S. because the vehicle is too fuel-efficient.";"September 2013";"Volkswagen's New 300 MPG Car Not Allowed In America Because It Is Too Efficient  Would like to know of the article is valid."
"RUMEUR";"A passenger on Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 hid his cell phone in his rectum and used it to post a picture to the Internet after the flight was hijacked and its passengers imprisoned.";"April 2014";"This image, which appears black was posted as taken in a dark cell by an IBM engineer. The picture is black because the cell was too dark, but a critical piece of information was embedded in the Exif data, the coordinates to Diego Garcia, where the picture was taken. And it's real, this is NOT a hoax. The coordinates in the picture indicate that the photo was taken within 3 miles of what Google officially gives for Diego Garcia.  The picture posted with the following text: I have been held hostage by unknown military personal after my flight was hijacked (blindfolded). I work for IBM and I have managed to hide my cellphone in my ass during the hijack. I have been separated from the rest of the passengers and I am in a cell. My name is Philip Wood. I think I have been drugged as well and cannot think clearly."
"RUMEUR";"Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 was captured by the U.S. Navy.";"March 2014";"EXTREMELY disturbing if this is true!  Russia 'Puzzled' Over Malaysia Airlines 'Capture' By US Navy"
"RUMEUR";"Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 was made to disappear so one party could gain control of a multiply-owned patent.";"March 2014";"This was posted on facebook in a discussion of the missing Malaysia Airlines Flight:  -------------------------------------------------  Here's what you all need to know. Spread this information everywhere:  Four days after the missing flight MH370 a patent is approved by the Patent Office  4 of the 5 Patent holders are Chinese employees of Freescale Semiconductor of Austin TX.  Patent is divided up on 20% increments to 5 holders:  Peidong Wang, Suzhou, China, (20%)  Zhijun Chen, Suzhou, China, (20%)  Zhihong Cheng, Suzhou, China, (20%)  Li Ying, Suzhou, China, (20%)  Freescale Semiconductor (20%)  If a patent holder dies, then the remaining holders equally share the dividends of the deceased if not disputed in a will.  If 4 of the 5 dies, then the remaining 1 Patent holder gets 100% of the wealth of the patent.  That remaining live Patent holder is Freescale Semiconductor.  Who owns Freescale Semiconductor?  Jacob Rothschild through Blackstone (what an interesting name for a company) who owns Freescale.  Here is your motive for the missing plane. As all 4 Chinese members of the Patent were passengers on the missing plane, and that patent was the breakthrough. We have entered the future proper, and four men was just murdered so that the last, still living member can keep this for himself to either hide or profit from."
"RUMEUR";"The Israeli intelligence agency Mossad blew up Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370.";"March 2014";"Is it true that Mossad blew up the missing Malaysia airlines jet? I saw an article about that on Facebook."
"RUMEUR";"Fake, chemical-laden plastic snow has been falling on the U.S.";"January 2014";"I just saw a post that involved someone holding a lighter to snow and it turns black and doesn't melt. I believe that it must be fake.     There is viral video of poisonous black snow when melted by a lighter. Some say this is serious government conspiracy stuff, with chemtrails and geo-engineering the whole bit!"
"RUMEUR";"The Obama administration plans to displace thousands of Montana residents to give their land over to Native Americans.";"January 2014";"Is this true? ... Obama Plan to Depopulate Montana Raises Crisis Fears in Moscow? "
"RUMEUR";"The Obama administration has ordered $1 billion worth of 'disposable coffins' for use with FEMA camps or Ebola victims.";"January 2014";"Wondering if this outrageous rumor is true. I saw it on facebook:  Obama Quietly Orders One Billion Dollars Worth of Disposable FEMA Coffins"
"RUMEUR";"A series of underground atomic explosions have taken place at the crippled nuclear plant in Fukushima, Japan.";"January 2014";"An ominous edict issued from the Office of the President of Russia today to all Ministries of the Russian Government ordering that all past, present and future information relating to Japan's Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster now be rated at the highest classification level Of Special Importance states that this condition is immediately and urgently needed due to a series of underground nuclear explosions occurring at this crippled atomic plant on 31 December as confirmed by the Ministry of Defense (MoD).  Of Special Importance is Russia’s highest classification level and refers to information which, if released, would cause damage to the entire Russian Federation.  According to this report, MoD assests associated with the Red Banner Pacific Fleet detected two low-level underground atomic explosions occurring in the Fukushima disaster zone on 31 December, the first measuring 5.1 magnitude in intensity, followed by a smaller 3.6 magnitude explosion moments later."
"RUMEUR";"FEMA is marking mailboxes with colored dots to indicate the disposition of residents in the New World Order.";"October 2013";"Hi everyone, I've got a odd but very important question about these various mailbox stickers I see on not only my mailbox but on the mailboxes of people in my neighborhood and perhaps almost everywhere.  They are all round stickers, they are usually either as big as half dollar coins, or as small as nickels or pennies. They are either made out of a thin reflective plastic or the smaller ones I've seen are just plain paper.  Now one of the odd and scary things I have heard about these stickers is that they have been placed there by people in working in secret for not just the government but for a up coming one world government.  And that the color of the stickers refer to the fate of each person when either the one world government or martial law gets established in our country.  The red indicates that they will come after you and kill you immediately, the blue means they will take you to a concentration camp or a FEMA camp and torture you until you either obey or die.  Yellow means that they think you will mostly follow them or be no threat to them and they will just let you starve to death.  Where as pink means you are totally in obedience to them and will basically be their mind slave.  Now I personally am wondering if there is any truth to this."
"RUMEUR";"President Obama fired several military officers for disobeying his order to destroy Charleston as part of a false flag attack.";"October 2013";"Inquiring about a tactical nuke detonated underwater off the coast of SC during week ending 10-12-13. Obamba fires several generals for not detonating it closer to Charleston.     A shocking new Main Intelligence Directorate (GRU) report circulating in the Kremlin today states that President Barack Obama, while in a rage, ousted four of the United States top ranking military officers after they refused to detonate a nuclear device in/near Charleston, South Carolina this past week and, instead, exploded it off the Atlantic Coast.  According to this report, Strategic Missile Forces Command (SMF) notified both President Putin and the General Staff this past Tuesday (8 October) that at 01:58:11 GMT/UTC an atomic device was exploded in the seabed off the US Atlantic Ocean, barely 1,000 km (620 miles) from Charleston, causing a 4.5 magnitude earthquake measurement that SMF experts equate to being a 1-kiloton yield, which is equal to the power of 1,000 tons of TNT."
"RUMEUR";"Pentagon sources issued a warning to Russian officials to expect a radical change in the U.S. government soon.";"October 2013";"Was wondering if you guys could do research on this article, someone posted it from this website, I did go to it, and it is a website for European Times and I know how obscure media overseas can please please find out the truth on whether this is a scare tactic article or not.    A highly troubling urgent bulletin issued earlier today by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MoFA) states that it has received information from the Main Intelligence Directorate (GRU) warning to expect a radical change in the government of the United States, possibly within the next fortnight, based on information they have received from highly placed sources within the Pentagon.  According to this MoFA bulletin, GRU intelligence assests were notified by their Pentagon counterparts this past week that President Barack Obama is preparing to invoke the powers given to him under 50 USC Chapter 13 to hold that various American States are now in a state of insurrection thus allowing him to invoke the National Emergencies Act under 50 USC § 1621 and invoke the highly controversial continuity of government plan for the United States allowing him, in essence, to rule with supreme powers.http://www.eutimes.net/2013/10/pentagon-warns-to-expect-radical-change-in-us-government-soon/"
"RUMEUR";"A flurry of activity in FEMA Region 3 indicates that something big is coming.";"September 2013";"Well this is pretty creepy. According to a notice sent by Senator Sheldon R. Songstad, Ret. of South Dakota State and published, with a video, which will be shown below, titled Emergency Fema Region 3 Alert!!!, the government obviously believes something big is coming.  Region three includes, DC, DE, MD, PA, VA, WV.  The preparations listed include Nine-week training course for UN Peacekeepers in CONUS to learn Urban Warfare, English, and US weapons systems beginning 4th week of July for 386,000 troops to be completed by October 1st $11 million in antibiotics to be delivered to FEMA region III by October 1st ordered by CDC  FEMA purchase orders for over $14.2 million for MREs and heater meals to be delivered to Region III by October 1st FEMA purchase orders for 22 million pouches of emergency water to be delivered to region III by October 1st FEMA purchase orders for $13.6 million for MREs and heater meals to be delivered to Austin by October 1st 2800 MRAPs must be delivered to DHS by October 1st"
"RUMEUR";"Russian forces will be providing security at large events in the U.S.";"July 2013";"I have been told that some sort of deal between the Obama administration and the Russian govt. would allow Russian military forces to act as security, on American soil, during large, special events (such as Super Bowl) or in the case of national emergencies. Any truth here? I already know how the Constitution treats such things. Now days, it doesn't seem to matter tho.     Has FEMA struck an agreement with Russia that will provide for the Russian Military to provide crowd control at U.S. events on American Soil? This was reported as true in a post I saw on FB and reported that these soldiers would be able to fire on and kill Americans on U.S. soil."
"RUMEUR";"Russian president Vladimir Putin threatened the U.S. over the Obama administration's support of Monsanto.";"May 2013";"Are Russia and the US going to start World War III because Monsanto products are killing bees? Everyone on Facebook is outraged! Here is a link to the article with the (presumably) bogus Putin-Obama-Monsanto scandal: http://topinfopost.com/2013/05/28/russia-warns-obama-monsanto"
"RUMEUR";"President Obama has threatened 14 state governors with arrest for forming State Defense Forces.";"June 2010";"Would you please let me know if this is true or not? Thank you!  Barack Hussein Obama had served 14-State Governors in the United States, National Security Letters (NSLs) warning that the Governor's actions in attempting to form State Defense Forces needs to be halted immediately or they will face arrest for the crime of treason. The employment of NSLs was authorized by the Patriot Act introduced by George W. Bush. Contained within the section related to these letters, it is forbidden for anyone receiving a NSL warning to even acknowledge the existence of said communication.  Obama is angered by the several State Governors who have reestablished State Defense Forces. These forces are described as: State Defense Forces (also known as State Guards, State Military Reserves, State Militias) in the United States are military units that operate under the sole authority of a state government they are not regulated by the National Guard Bureau nor are they part of the Army National Guard of the United States. State Defense Forces are authorized by state and federal law and are under the command of the governor of each state. State Defense Forces are distinct from their state’s National Guard in that they cannot become federal entities.  Mr. Obama is fearful of these State Defense Forces, in that he does not have control of said forces, and with the U.S. Military stretched to near breaking from multiple deployments and theatre actions in Iraq and Afghanistan, these State military forces would be under the direct command and authority of the Governors in which states have said forces. In essence, the Governors would have “de facto control” of the United States.  The two Governors leading this move are: Tim Pawlenty, Governor of Minnesota and Rick Perry, Governor of Texas.  Both of these State Governors stated they have: deep fear the President is destroying their Nation. Governor Pawlenty's fear of Obama is that since Obama took office he has appeased America's enemies and has shunned some of America's strongest allies, especially Israel. Governor Perry has declared that Obama is punishing his State of Texas by dumping tens-of-thousands of illegal Mexican immigrants into the cities and small towns of Texas.  Governor Perry further recently stated: If Barack Obama's Washington doesn't stop being so oppressive, Texans might feel compelled to renounce their American citizenry and secede from the union. NOT possible but would be great!  Obama fearing a revolution against him by the states, has moved swiftly by nationalizing nearly all National Guard Forces in multiple states Georgia, Alabama, Kansas, Minnesota, Tennessee, Virginia, Louisiana, South Carolina — to name a few. The Governors of the Great States of Alabama, Georgia, Louisiana, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, and Virginia still have under their Command-and-Control the State Defense Forces to go against U.S. Federal forces should the need arise. Also important to note: There are NO U.S. laws prohibiting National Guard troops from also joining their State's Defense Forces. This dilemma occurred during the Civil War with many citizen soldiers choosing to serve their states instead of the Federal Government.  This is a fluid and still developing situation that warrants close attention. "
"RUMEUR";"A truck's cargo of road signs revealed a government plot to impose martial law.";"January 2013";"On January 15, 2013 a law enforcement officer in the north end of the Greater Houston area stopped a semi tractor-trailer driver, who was heading in a southerly direction, during a routine check for drugs. During a search of the cargo of the trailer, he discovered packages of road signs that read the following: Martial Law in effect. The driver had a bill of lading in his possession stating that this cargo's destination was to the Department of Homeland Security.   "
"RUMEUR";"President Obama is purging military leaders who will not agree to fire on U.S. citizens.";"January 2013";"Is Jim Garrow correct in saying that the president only wants people in his employ who would kill other Americans?"
"RUMEUR";"Photograph depicts an admissions rejection letter sent by Harvard College.";"March 2015";"After trying to get into Harvard this woman was hit with one of the finest rejection letters we have seen!     CLASSIC. #harvarduniversity sure knows how to write great rejection letters!     Just realized the person who got that rejection letter from Harvard was a girl"
"RUMEUR";"Image shows a children's textbook with a passage stating that only white people can be racist and only men can be sexist.";"March 2015";"School textbook suggests that only white people can be racist.     This school textbook is proof that parents need to pay close attention to what their kids are learning brainwashed with in school:"
"RUMEUR";"Circulating photo set accurately compares school lunches from other countries with American offerings that are paltry due to the interference of Michelle Obama.";"February 2015";"Wow it looks like dog food compared to the other countries. Michelle Obama your joke     Shame on American schools for letting Michelle Obama have any influence at all. My nephew and nieces are starving...     Lol at people reposting that Michelle Obama wants kids school lunches to be like an orange wedge and a little applesauce.     dear people who blame michelle obama for gross school lunches, 1 school lunches have always been gross 2 see number 1"
"RUMEUR";"A student was forced to remove his Help 4 Heroes wristband because it might offend Muslims.";"December 2014";"There's a fluff post going around concerning a teacher who allegedly told a pupil to remove their Help 4 Heroes band since it might offend Muslims. You have any word on this?"
"RUMEUR";"The federal government has banned public school students from bringing sack lunches to school.";"October 2013";"Naturalcuresnotmedicine.com posted an article indicating that the Feds are prohibiting school lunches from home without doctor's orders. Is this true or false. When and where?     Is it true that the federal government won't allow parents to pack lunches for preschool kids without a doctor's note? It doesn't even sound slightly true to me, but it's being tossed around the internet."
"RUMEUR";"Archaeologists have discovered Pharaoh's chariot and the bones of horses and men under the Red Sea.";"October 2014";"Is this true?  PARTING OF THE RED SEA  Chariot Wheels found at the bottom of the Red Sea  You will be surprised to see proof of Pharaoh's chariot and bones of horses and men found in the Red Sea.  Confirmation of the actual Exodus route has come from divers finding coral-encrusted bones and chariot remains in the Gulf of Aqaba. ONE of the most dramatic records of Divine intervention in history is the account of the Hebrews' exodus from Egypt. "
"RUMEUR";"Noah's Ark has been discovered in eastern Turkey.";"December 2013";"I recently ran into an article saying that Noah's Ark has been discovered. All the research seems to be there, but I take everything with a grain of salt from the internet. Can you please look into this for me?"
"RUMEUR";"Airlines will not pair Christian pilots and <nobr>co-pilots</nobr> out of fear that the Rapture will snatch away both crew members capable of landing the flight.";"2003";"I just heard for the third time in as many years that some airlines will not put a whole flight crew of Christian believers in the same plane, just in case the rapture theory is true.  I guess the thought is that the plane would be left unmanned and crash into whatever and kill thousands (like 9/11) if the rapture theory turns out to be correct Bible doctrine.   "
"RUMEUR";"Forbidden by the city's Muslims to celebrate Christmas in Meulaboh, Christians instead gathered on a high hill nearby and so were spared from the tsunami that wiped out the city.";"2005";"We know that 80% of the town of Meulaboh in Aceh was destroyed by the Tsunami waves and 80% of the people also died. This is one of the towns that was hit the hardest.  But there is a fantastic testimony from Meulaboh. In that town are about 400 Christians. They wanted to celebrate Christmas on December 25th but were not allowed to do so by the Muslims of Meulaboh. They were told if they wanted to celebrate Christmas they needed to go outside the city of Meulaboh on a high hill and there celebrate Christmas. Because the Christians desired to celebrate Christmas the 400 believers left the city on December 25th and after they celebrated Christmas they stayed overnight on the hill.  As we all know the morning of December 26 there was the earthquake followed by the Tsunami waves destroying most of the city of Meulaboh and thousands were killed. The 400 believers were on the mountain and were all saved from destruction.  Now the Muslims of Meulaboh are saying that the God of the Christians punished us for forbidding the Christians from celebrating Christmas in the city. Others are questioning why so many Muslims died while not even one of the Christians died there.  Had the Christians insisted on their rights to celebrate Christmas in the city, they would have all died. But because they humbled themselves and followed the advice of the Muslims they all were spared destruction and can now testify of God's marvelous protection.  This is a testimony of the grace of God and the fact that as believers we have no rights in the world. Our right is come before God and commit our lives to Him. Our right is kneeling down before the Lord almighty and commit our ways to Him. He is our Father and is very capable to care for His children. Praise the Name of the Lord.  Bill Hekman  Pastor Calvary Life Fellowship in Indonesia"
"RUMEUR";"While a college student, Albert Einstein humiliated an atheist professor by using the Evil is the absence of God argument on him.";"1999";"Does evil exist?  The university professor challenged his students with this question. Did God create everything that exists? A student bravely replied, Yes, he did!  God created everything? The professor asked.  Yes sir, the student replied.  The professor answered, If God created everything, then God created evil since evil exists, and according to the principal that our works define who we are then God is evil. The student became quiet before such an answer. The professor was quite pleased with himself and boasted to the students that he had proven once more that the Christian faith was a myth.  Another student raised his hand and said, Can I ask you a question professor?  Of course, replied the professor.  The student stood up and asked, Professor, does cold exist?  What kind of question is this? Of course it exists. Have you never been cold? The students snickered at the young man's question.  The young man replied, In fact sir, cold does not exist. According to the laws of physics, what we consider cold is in reality the absence of heat. Every body or object is susceptible to study when it has or transmits energy, and heat is what makes a body or matter have or transmit energy. Absolute zero (-460 degrees F) is the total absence of heat all matter becomes inert and incapable of reaction at that temperature. Cold does not exist. We have created this word to describe how we feel if we have no heat.  The student continued, Professor, does darkness exist?  The professor responded, Of course it does.  The student replied, Once again you are wrong sir, darkness does not exist either. Darkness is in reality the absence of light. Light we can study, but not darkness. In fact we can use Newton's prism to break white light into many colors and study the various wavelengths of each color. You cannot measure darkness. A simple ray of light can break into a world of darkness and illuminate it. How can you know how dark a certain space is? You measure the amount of light present. Isn't this correct? Darkness is a term used by man to describe what happens when there is no light present.  Finally the young man asked the professor, Sir, does evil exist?  Now uncertain, the professor responded, Of course as I have already said. We see it every day. It is in the daily example of man's inhumanity to man. It is in the multitude of crime and violence everywhere in the world. These manifestations are nothing else but evil.  To this the student replied, Evil does not exist sir, or at least it does not exist unto itself. Evil is simply the absence of God. It is just like darkness and cold, a word that man has created to describe the absence of God. God did not create evil. Evil is not like faith, or love that exist just as does light and heat. Evil is the result of what happens when man does not have God's love present in his heart. It's like the cold that comes when there is no heat or the darkness that comes when there is no light.  The professor sat down.  The young man's name — Albert Einstein."
"RUMEUR";"Teen dies in car crash with a plastic Jesus dashboard ornament embedded in her chest.";"2003";"Dashboard Jesus Kills Ohio Teen by Elroy Willis  CINCINNATI (EAP) - A Cincinnati teenager was killed yesterday when her plastic Jesus dashboard figure was driven into her chest by her car's airbag which inflated during an accident involving two other vehicles.  17-year-old Darlene Fulps of Cincinnati was apparently holding her Jesus figure close to her chest when she ran through a red light and collided with two other vehicles in a busy intersection.  The air bag inflated and pushed the head of Jesus straight through her heart, said Tom Young, medical examiner at the scene of the accident. If it wasn't for the plastic Jesus, Ms. Fulps would still be alive today.  Air bags have saved thousands of lives, but in this case it actually took a life, thanks to Jesus, said police officer Graham Pryor, first officer at the scene.  Robert Fulps, Darlene's father and devout Christian man said It was just our daughter's time to go, and we can't question the actions of God. My daughter loved Jesus and worshipped Him, and I think she's probably talking to Him in heaven right now.  We gave our daughter the dashboard Jesus for her birthday last year, and she really liked it, said Mrs. Gladys Fulps. It's too bad that Jesus ended up killing her, but we believe she's in heaven now, and we're happy for her, and hope to re-unite with her when we get to heaven.  We're just glad our daughter had Jesus in her heart when she died, said Mr. and Mrs. Fulps."
"RUMEUR";"A woman dies leaping through her car's sunroof when events convince her that Jesus has returned.";"2001";"ARKANSAS CITY (AP) — A Little Rock woman was killed yesterday after leaping through her moving car's sun roof during an incident best described as a mistaken rapture by dozens of eye witnesses. Thirteen other people were injured after a twenty-car pile up resulted from people trying to avoid hitting the woman who was apparently convinced  that the rapture was occurring when she saw twelve people floating up into the air, and then passed a man on the side of the road who she claimed was Jesus.  She started screaming He's back, He's back and climbed right out of the sunroof and jumped off the roof of the car, said Everett Williams, husband of 28-year-old Georgann Williams who was pronounced dead at the scene. I was slowing down but she wouldn't wait till I stopped, Williams said.  She thought the rapture was happening and was convinced that Jesus was gonna lift her up into the sky, he went on to say. This is the strangest thing I've seen since I've been on the force, said Paul Madison, first officer on the scene. Madison questioned the man who looked like Jesus and discovered that he was dressed up as Jesus and was on his way to a toga costume party when the tarp covering the bed of his pickup truck came loose and released twelve blow up sex dolls filled with helium which floated up into the air.  Ernie Jenkins, 32, of Fort Smith, who's been told by several of his friends that he looks like Jesus, pulled over and lifted his arms into the air in frustration, and said , Come back here, just as the Williams' car passed him, and Mrs. Williams was sure that it was Jesus lifting people up into the sky as they passed by him, according to her husband, who says his wife loved Jesus more than anything else.  When asked for comments about the twelve sex dolls, Jenkins replied This is all just too weird for me. I never expected anything like this to happen."
"RUMEUR";"A group known as 'The Second Coming Project' is seeking to clone Jesus from the DNA of holy relics.";"2000";"THE SECOND COMING PROJECT  The Second Coming Project is a not-for-profit organization devoted to bringing about the Second Coming of Our Lord, Jesus Christ, as prophesied in the Bible, in time for the 2,000th anniversary of his birth. Our intention is to clone Jesus, utilizing techniques pioneered at the Roslin Institute in Scotland, by taking an incorrupt cell from one of the many Holy Relics of Jesus' blood and body that are preserved in churches throughout the world, extracting its DNA, and inserting into an unfertilized human egg (oocyte), through the now-proven biological process called nuclear transfer. The fertilized egg, now the zygote of Jesus Christ, will be implanted into the womb of a young virginal woman (who has volunteered of her own accord), who will then bring the baby Jesus to term in a second Virgin Birth.  If all goes according to plan, the birth will take place on December 25, 2001, thus making Anno Domini 2001 into Anno Domini Novi 1, and all calendrical calculations will begin anew.  How Can This Be Possible?  a. Modern cloning technology enables us to clone any large mammal - including humans - using just a single cell from an adult specimen.  b. Throughout the Christian world are churches that contain Holy Relics of Jesus' body: his blood, his hair, his foreskin. Unless every single one of these relics is a fake, this means that cells from Jesus' body still survive to this day.  c. We are already making preparations to obtain a portion of one of these relics, extract the DNA from one of its cells, and use it to clone Jesus.  No longer can we rely on hope and prayer, waiting around futilely for Jesus to return. We have the technology to bring him back right now: there is no reason, moral, legal or Biblical, not to take advantage of it.  IN ORDER TO SAVE THE WORLD FROM SIN, WE MUST CLONE JESUS TO INITIATE THE SECOND COMING OF THE CHRIST.  The Second Coming Project is soliciting contributions and donations to help us is our quest. Time is short! We must have a fertilized Jesus zygote no later than April of 2001 if Baby Jesus is to come to term on the predicted date. Please send all contributions to:  The Second Coming Project  P.O. Box 295  Berkeley, CA 94701"
"RUMEUR";"NASA scientists discovered a missing day in time that corresponds to Biblical accounts of the sun's standing still in the sky.";"1999";"For all the scientists out there and for all the students who have a hard time convincing these people regarding the truth of the Bible . . . here's something that shows God's awesome creation and shows that He is still in control.  Did you know that the space program is busy proving that what has been called myth in the Bible is true? Mr. Harold Hill, President of the Curtis Engine Company in Baltimore Maryland and a consultant in the space program, relates the following development.  I think one of the most amazing things that God has for us today happened recently to our astronauts and space scientists at GreenBelt, Maryland. They were checking the position of the sun, moon, and planets out in space where they would be 100 years and 1000 years from now. We have to know this so we won't send a satellite, up and have it bump into something later on in its orbits. We have to lay out the orbits in terms of the life of the satellite, and where the planets will be so the whole thing will not bog down.  They ran the computer measurement back and forth over the centuries and it came to a halt. The computer stopped and put up a red signal, which meant that there was something wrong either with the information fed into it or with the results as compared to the standards. They called in the service department to check it out and they said, What's wrong?  Well, they found there is a day missing in space in elapsed time. They scratched their heads and tore their hair. There was no answer.  Finally, a Christian man on the team said, You know, one time I was in Sunday School and they talked about the sun standing still. While they didn't believe him, they didn't have an answer either, so they said, Show us.  He got a Bible and went back to the book of Joshua where they found a pretty ridiculous statement for any one with common sense. There they found the Lord saying to Joshua, Fear them not, I have delivered them into thy hand there shall not a man of them stand before thee.  Joshua was concerned because he was surrounded by the enemy and if darkness fell they would overpower them. So Joshua asked the Lord to make the sun stand still! That's right — The sun stood still and the moon stayed — and hasted not to go down about a whole day!   (Joshua 10:12-13) The astronauts and scientists said, There is the missing day! They checked the computers going back into the time it was written and found it was close but not close enough. The elapsed time that was missing back in Joshua's day was 23 hours and 20 minutes — not a whole day.  They read the Bible and there it was about (approximately) a day These little words in the Bible are important, but they were still in trouble because if you cannot account for 40 minutes you'll still be in trouble 1,000 years from now. Forty minutes had to be found because it can be multiplied many times over in orbits.  As the Christian employee thought about it, he remembered somewhere in the Bible where it said the sun went BACKWARDS. The scientists told him he was out of his mind, but they got out the Book and read these words in 2 Kings that told of the following story:  Hezekiah, on his deathbed, was visited by the prophet Isaiah who told him that he was not going to die.  Hezekiah asked for a sign as proof. Isaiah said Do you want the sun to go ahead 10 degrees? Hezekiah said It is nothing for the sun to go ahead 10 degrees, but let the shadow return backward 10 degrees. Isaiah spoke to the Lord and the Lord brought the shadow ten degrees BACKWARD!  Ten degrees is exactly 40 minutes! Twenty-three hours and 20 minutes in Joshua, plus 40 minutes in Second Kings make the missing day in the universe! Isn't it amazing?"
"RUMEUR";"NASA has announced that a multi-day worldwide blackout will occur beginning on 30 June 2015.";"June 2015";"NASA confirms that the earth will experience 6 days of darkness from June 30 to July 6 2015 due to severe solar storms.   "
"RUMEUR";"Rubber tires protect a car's inhabitants during lightning strikes.";"May 2002";"Many people think that a car is the safest place to be during a thunderstorm because of the rubber tires, but according to my physics teacher, the tires have nothing to do with it. He said that the lightning travels on the outside of the car because of the metal surrounding it. Is this true?"
"RUMEUR";"The average woman swallows six pounds of lipstick during her lifetime.";"October 2002";"I heard women eat an inordinate amount of lipstick during their lifetimes. So I looked it up on the Internet, and post after post lists it at 6 lbs per lifetime."
"RUMEUR";"A dark circle around the moon presages acid rain.";"March 2010";"Be careful from 20th to 28th of this month (March). There is possibility of an ACID RAIN.  The dark circle appeared around the moon on 17th last month is an indication.  Apparently this happens once in 750 years.  It rains like normal raining. It may cause skin cancer if you expose yourself.  So ALERT your dear ones. This information is from NASA.   "
"RUMEUR";"Caltech sent its people home on <nobr>12 April</nobr> 2010, warning that an earthquake would strike within two days.";"April 2010";"Were Caltech students really sent home early due to a possible earthquake in the next 24 hrs?    A Seismology Department in So Cal is sending their employees home out of fears of a major quake striking during the next 48 hours.    I'm starting to hear rumors about Caltech sending employees and students home in anticipation of a major earthquake in the next 72 hours?"
"RUMEUR";"An eclipse is going to cause an earthquake, which will in turn cause a devastating tsunami, on <nobr>22 July</nobr> 2009.";"April 2009";"Hello there. I just wanted 2 let you know that please stay away from the beaches all around in the month of July. There is a prediction that there will be another tsunami hitting on July 22nd. It is also when there will be sun eclipse. Predicted that it is going 2 be really bad and countries like Malaysia (Sabah & Sarawak), Singapore, Maldives, Australia, Mauritius, Si Lanka, India, Indonesia, Philippines are going 2 be badly hit. Please try and stay away from the beaches in July. Better 2 be safe than sorry. Please pass the word around. Please also pray for all beings."
"RUMEUR";"Eggs and popcorn kernels can be cooked by placing them between activated cell phones.";"May 2007";"We need: One egg and 2 mobiles  65 minutes to call from one phone to the other  Set up something like in the graphic  We'll initiate the call between the mobiles to last for 65 min's approximately  Nothing will happen on the first 15 minutes... After 25 minutes the egg starts warming up, after 45 min's The egg is already hot and after 65 min's the egg is cooked Conclusion: If the microwave radiation emitted by the mobiles is capable to modify the proteins in the egg. Imagine what it can do with the proteins in our brains when we talk through the mobiles."
"RUMEUR";"Stars can be viewed during the day from the bottom of a well.";"September 2004";"Is it true or false that a person can see stars in the sky during the daytime through a tall chimney, or from the bottom of a well?"
"RUMEUR";"Experiment proves water that has been boiled in a microwave oven is harmful to plants.";"2006";"Microwaved Water - See What It Does To Plants Below is a science fair project that my granddaughter did for 2006. In it she took filered water and divided it into two parts.. The first part she heated to boiling in a pan on the stove, and the second part she heated to boiling in a microwave. Then after cooling she used the water to water two identical plants to see if there would be any difference in the growth between the normal boiled water and the water boiled in a microwave. She was thinking that the structure or energy of the water may be compromised by microwave. As it turned out, even she was amazed at the difference.        I have known for years that the problem with microwaved anything is not the radiation people used to worry about, It's how it corrupts the DNA in the food so the body can not recognize it. So the body wraps it in fat cells to protect itself from the dead food or it eliminates it fast.. Think of all the Mothers heating up milk in these Safe appliances. What about the nurse in Canada that warmed up blood for a transfusion patient and accidently killed them when the blood went in dead. But the makers say it's safe.. Never mind then, keep using them. Ask your Doctor I am sure they will say it's safe too. Proof is in the pictures of living plants dying. Remember You are also Living. Take Care."
"RUMEUR";"The contents of a few cans of frozen shaving cream will, when thawed, expand to fill an automobile.";"2006";"I heard that if you freeze two cans of shaving cream (conventional freezer, or liquid nitrogen), then cut the cans open so you can take the frozen solid shaving cream out, and place them in a car, when they thaw out the entire car will be filled with shaving cream."
"RUMEUR";"Sneezing seven times in a row is the same as an orgasm.";"2001";"My younger brother has come to me asking if it's true that if you sneeze eight times in a row you'll have an orgasm. Never having sneezed eight times in a row, and unwilling to make myself sneeze to find out I ask you."
"RUMEUR";"Dihydrogen monoxide is a dangerous chemical that should be banned.";"March 2015";"I've been seeing on the internet stories about Subway Sandwich shop using a chemical called DHMO (dihygroden monoxide) in their bread that is supposed to be and industrial solvent used in fire retardant materials and is waste from nuclear power plants, it is supposed to be toxic. I was wondering the truth behind this rumor and if you guys could investigate?"
"RUMEUR";"A planet-dissolving dust cloud will wipe out our solar system in December 2014.";"November 2014";"Is this true? PLANET-DISSOLVING DUST CLOUD IS HEADED TOWARD EARTH! Supposed to happen on December 1, 2014."
"RUMEUR";"You should leave a window open slightly during a hurricane to equalize pressure.";"2005";"Is it true or false that one should open a window slightly during a hurricane to equalize the inner pressure of a house and the outside lower pressure of the hurricane?"
"RUMEUR";"Even when your cell phone signal is blocked, dialing 112 will connect you with an emergency call center.";"2005";"Important Number you should note  If you travel to work on the tube please note the following information: If your mobile phone has no signal (so even if you were in a tunnel) if you dial 112 it diverts to a satellite signal and puts you through to the 999 call centre.  ALL phone companies have signed up and as it is a satellite service it also gives them a trace to you if you don't know where you are."
"RUMEUR";"The Coriolis force influences which direction water spirals down drains and toilets in different hemispheres.";"2003";"Water in a pan, sink, or toilet rotates counter clockwise in the northern hemisphere and clockwise in the southern hemisphere. This is due to the Coriolis Effect, which is caused by the rotation of the Earth."
"RUMEUR";"A star named Aderoid will make a remarkably close approach to Earth in <nobr>June 2011.</nobr>";"June 2010";"[Collected via e-mail, June 2010] 21st June - the Whole World is waiting for...  Star Aderoid will be the brightest in the sky, starting 10 June. It will look as large as the sun from naked eye. This will culminate on 21st june when the star comes within 34.65 Million miles of the Earth.  Be sure to watch the sky on june. 21 at 12:30 pm It will look like the earth has 2 Suns.!! The next time Aderoid may come this close is in 2287"
"RUMEUR";"The planet Mars will make a once-in-our-lifetimes, remarkably close approach to Earth on <nobr>27 August</nobr> 2014.";"August 2014";"SEE MARS AS LARGE AS THE FULL MOON ON 27TH AUGUST 2014. Should be spectacular! Truly a once in a lifetime experience!   "
"RUMEUR";"A penny placed on the tracks will derail a train.";"2001";"I smashed a penny on the railroad tie last Friday, and was advised by someone that I could have derailed the train. I've heard this before, and I think it could be an urban legend, but wasn't sure."
"RUMEUR";"A special property of the equinox allows eggs (or brooms) to be balanced on their ends that day.";"February 2012";"Facebook has been running wild this with pictures of brooms standing up by themselves & eggs standing up on end. Everyone is saying this is due to planetary alignment and the way the earth is tilted on it's axis this week only.     Is it true that the equinox can cause a broom to obtain the right amount of gravitational pull to allow it to stand on its own or is it simply a balancing act?"
"RUMEUR";"A special compound added to the water in swimming pools will reveal the presence of urine and catch those who peel in the pool.";"1994";"In 1958 I spent two weeks visiting my father in Sacramento, California. At the YMCA pool, I was told by fellow-children that this chemical (colour was red) was in the water. I was told the horrible embarrassment of being discovered peeing in the water had happened to a FOAF only last week. I never tried it out, obviously. Too terrified to even THINK of it. Never saw red stains in the water, either."
"RUMEUR";"Eleven passenger planes are missing from an airport in Libya.";"September 2014";"Seeking truth in stir of 11 missing / stolen commercial airliners from the Libyan airport during the fall of Tripoli."
"RUMEUR";"Forty Marines rescued children from a Pentagon daycare facility on 9/11, then enclosed them in a protective corral of cribs.";"September 2008";"I wonder why, no, I know why you never saw this on the mainstream media!  Just came from the memorial ceremony here at NORTHCOM. LTC (CH) Robert Leivers led the group in a ceremony here at the headquarters. During the ceremony, he relayed this little-known story from the Pentagon on 9/11: During a visit with a fellow chaplain, who happened to be assigned to the Pentagon, I had a chance to hear a first-hand account of an incident that happened right after Flt 77 hit the Pentagon. The Chaplain told me what happened at a daycare center near where the impact occurred.  This daycare had many children, including infants who were in heavy cribs. The daycare supervisor, looking at all the children they needed to evacuate, was in a panic over what they could do there were many children, mostly toddlers, as well as the infants that would need to be taken out with the cribs. There was no time to try to bundle them into carriers and strollers.  Just then a young Marine came running into the center and asked what they needed. After hearing what the center director was trying to do, he ran back out into the hallway and disappeared. The director thought, 'well, there we are- on our own.' About 2 minutes later, that Marine returned with 40 others in tow. Each of them grabbed a crib with a child, and the rest started gathering up toddlers. The director and her staff then helped them take all the children out of the center and down toward the park near the Potomac and the Pentagon.  Once they got about 3/4 of a mile outside the building, the Marines stopped in the park, and then did a fabulous thing - they formed a circle with the cribs, which were quite sturdy and heavy, like the covered wagons in the West. Inside this circle of cribs, they put the toddlers, to keep them from wandering off. Outside this circle were the 40 Marines, forming a perimeter around the children and waiting for instructions. There they remained until the parents could be notified and come get their children.  The NORTHCOM chaplain then said- I don't think any of us saw nor heard of this on any of the news stories of the day. It was an incredible story.  I must say- there wasn't a dry eye in the room. The thought of those Marines and what they did and how fast they reacted- could we expect any less from them?? It was one of the most touching stories from the Pentagon I've EVER heard.   "
"RUMEUR";"Anti-terrorism presentation describes suspicious activities in the Fresno, California, area.";"March 2010";"This is from a retired CHP Officer and ex military.  Makes you wonder why these guys (Ragheads) are always sitting at the end of the runway on Tuesday when I go to our POP meetings.. etc....  I received this from my ex-homicide partner who is still active in law enforcement circles in the Fresno area.  Excuse the language but don't excuse the facts. Don't give up your guns, and buy necessary ammunition if you can find it. Be cautious and alert. Be ready if, God forbid, we need to protect our families and loved ones.     If You weren't at Rotary Friday. You missed the only decent speaker we've had in more than a year. LTC John Cotter is the 144th Fighter Wing's antiterrorism officer. (Tony, you might remember him as Maj. Cotter who was the PIO the last time we dealt with him).  Anyway, John had a two-part presentation. First part was describing his job as the units antiterrorism officer. Pretty standard stuff.  The second part was information that will curl your hair. A Part-time air guardsman works as a checker at local Von's. Two women in full burkas (or whatever the hell they're called) buy every pre-paid cellphone in the store. Clerk/airman gets to thinking about it. Goes to Cotter and reports incident.  Cotter asks store for surveillance video. It's scary enough that he contacts Fresno FBI.  FBI investigates, determines these women have been doing this all  over the Valley. Cell phones shipped through Canada to Iraq/Afghanistan where they become triggers for roadside bombs.  The Shell station at Peach and Shaw. Every time a local GI goes there in fatigues they are asked specific questions.  What is your unit? When are you deploying? How many aircraft are you taking?  The F-16s out of Fresno fly CAP for west coast. As such they are the first line of defense so they have the US 's most sophisticated air-to-air missiles. Foreign governments would like to get their hands on those missiles or at least learn how to build them. Also how many we have, etc. Two spy groups are working on it, one based at Fashion Fair Mall (the F-16s take-off pattern) and one based at Sierra Vista Mall (the F-16s landing pattern).  Cotter said the ragheads (but we don't profile) are always probing the base. Two dorks in a pickup show up at the front gate wanting to deliver a package marked Air National Guard, Fresno. No postage, no UPS, no FedEx, no DHL, no nothing. Just a probe.  I asked Cotter why we haven't seen anything about this in The Bee, on KMJ, on local TV news. He said they're not interested. (That really pissed me off). Since Friday I've learned of two other things. My brother-in-law Frank, a mucky-muck from Avaya. He had a Muslim tech who took a leave-of-absence for 6 weeks in Afghanistan. After the 6 weeks were up he called from New York requesting an extension. Frank (who does profile) said, **** you, you're fired, and called the Fresno FBI who were very interested. Don't know the outcome.  A Muslim who owns a liquor store in my former hometown of Kingsburg was constantly bugging customers to buy guns for him. Finally one of the guys I grew up with called the FBI.  We are a country at war and these **** ers are in among us. I don't care what Janet Napolitano says, it's a fight to the death and we damned sure better be prepared. Brother-in-law Frank has a theory and I think it may be closer to the truth than Homeland Security wants to admit. There are a certain number (probably a big number) of Muslims among us who are awaiting the trigger date and will begin randomly killing as many of us as they can, sort of a Fort Hood on steroids. I know I'm getting prepared to shoot back.  Two items of interest. Sheriff Margaret Mims wants to grant concealed carry permits to all who are qualified. Columnist Jim Boren, among the most bleeding of the bleeding heart liberals, says it's time for Fresno residents to arm themselves."
"RUMEUR";"During the 1987 Iran-Contra hearings, Oliver North warned Congress that Osama bin Laden was the most evil person alive and that an assassin team [should] be formed to eliminate him and his men from the face of the earth.";"November 2001";"Remember this?  I was at a UNC lecture the other day where they played a video of Oliver North during the Iran-Contra deals during the Reagan administration. I was only 14 back then but was surprised by this particular clip. There was Olie in front of God and Country getting the third degree. But what he said stunned me. He was being drilled by some senator I didn't recognize who asked him:  'Did you not recently spend close to $60,000 for a home security system?'  Oliver replied, 'Yes I did sir.'  The senator continued, trying to get a laugh out of the audience, 'Isn't this just a little excessive?'  'No sir,' continued Oliver.  'No. And why not?'  'Because the life of my family and I were threatened.'  'Threatened? By who.'  'By a terrorist, sir.'  'Terrorist? What terrorist could possibly scare you that much?'  'His name is Osama bin Laden.'  At this point the senator tried to repeat the name, but couldn't pronounce it, which most people back then probably couldn't. A couple of people laughed at the attempt. Then the senator continued.  'Why are you so afraid of this man?'  'Because sir, he is the most evil person alive that I know of.'  'And what do you recommend we do about him?'  'If it were me I would recommend an assassin team be formed to eliminate him and his men from the face of the earth.'  The senator disagreed with this approach and that was all they showed of the clip.  It's scary when you think 15 years ago the government was aware of Osama bin Laden and his potential threat to the security of the world. I guess like all great tyrants they start small but if left untended spread like the virus they truly are."
"RUMEUR";"You can aid the search for Osama Bin Laden by donating money to a band of hackers.";"2001";"Subject: Help to find Osama Bin Laden - the most wanted terrorist.  Dear Human,  You are here to contribute finding location of Osama Bin Laden, the world most dangerous and wanted terrorist. Read below to know HOW.  We currently know that his group uses encryptions methods named steganography and public/private key encryption. (go www.pgp.com, www.google.com - seek for steganography for more information). We will not be able to crack down their conversation, but we will be able to find PRESENCE of that conversation (Osama uses well-known software, this gives us probability to implement robots that will locate usage of that software). And this will help us to track down his coordinates - then we think that official agencies will easily take care of  him.  So who we are - we are group of enthusiasts - 7 hackers, 2 security analysts, 4 agents, and 2 managers is the CORE of team. So, pretty small team, but our individuals are EXTREMLY TALENTED. And many enthusiasts on the Net, which are ready to help install taps and other helpful things to track down steganography usage.  Currently we look for funding. To perform this operation well we need $160,000 during the next two weeks. You alone probably will not donate such amount for yet another possibility to find bin Laden. But TOGETHER we sure, that this amount will be easily reached. As our actions are against the law (normal citizen is not allowed to tap information, hack into providers :-), we are looking for alternative funding, funding from publicity. We hope everyone on the planet understand that terror should be stopped using any possible ways.  How to donate. We should know who you are (of course you can be anonymous), because if we successfully catch Osama, we will REFUND all the money and send you report. Write in payment details: donation of john@yahoo.com. Also, use highest possible urgency level, as we should finish with the task as soon, as possible, while their group have not performed new hijacks.  Here are wire tranfer info:  Bank account: 336738570000  Name on account (beneficiary): Yury Mikhnavets  Name of the bank: SAMPO PANK  Bank address: Tallinn, Estonia, Narva mnt 11, 15015  S.W.I.F.T: FOREE2X  Payment details: donation of   Correspondent Bank: Bankers Trust Company  Correspondent Bank S.W.I.F.T: BKTRUS33  Urgency: the most urgent!  Also, please, forward this message to those, who may help us, because funding of our goals will help the whole world.  Thank you for your support,  Yury."
"RUMEUR";"Nostradamus predicted the 9/11 attacks on the World Trade Center.";"September 2001";"In the City of God there will be a great thunder,  Two brothers torn apart by Chaos,  while the fortress endures,  the great leader will succumb,  The third big war will begin when the big city is burning  Nostradamus 1654"
"RUMEUR";"Clear Channel Communications banned their American radio stations from playing specified songs in order to avoid offending listeners.";"2001";"Those of you in the Thought Police will find the following encouraging. Others of you might find it troubling:  In response to Tuesday's terrorist attacks, Clear Channel, the world's largest radio network, has sent out a list of some 150 lyrically questionable songs by everyone from the Animals to the Zombies which it has banned its stations from playing. Some songs are overtly violent in their intent, but the majority simply contain metaphorical language or narrative aspects that connect uncomfortably with the tragedy.  Clear Channel's List of Songs with Questionable Lyrics  Drowning Pool Bodies  Mudvayne Death Blooms  Megadeth Dread and the Fugitive  Megadeth Sweating Bullets  Saliva Click Click Boom  P.O.D. Boom  Metallica Seek and Destroy  Metallica Harvester or Sorrow  Metallica Enter Sandman  Metallica Fade to Black  All Rage Against The Machine songs  Nine Inch Nails Head Like a Hole  Godsmack Bad Religion  Tool Intolerance  Soundgarden Blow Up the Outside World  AC/DC Shot Down in Flames  AC/DC Shoot to Thrill  AC/DC Dirty Deeds  AC/DC Highway to Hell  AC/DC Safe in New York City  AC/DC TNT  AC/DC Hell's Bells  Black Sabbath War Pigs  Black Sabbath Sabbath Bloody Sabbath  Black Sabbath Suicide Solution  Dio Holy Diver  Steve Miller Jet Airliner  Van Halen Jump  Queen Another One Bites the Dust  Queen Killer Queen  Pat Benatar Hit Me with Your Best Shot  Pat Benatar Love is a Battlefield  Oingo Boingo Dead Man's Party  REM It's the End of the World as We Know It  Talking Heads Burning Down the House  Judas Priest Some Heads Are Gonna Roll  Pink Floyd Run Like Hell  Pink Floyd Mother  Savage Garden Crash and Burn  Dave Matthews Band Crash Into Me  Bangles Walk Like an Egyptian  Pretenders My City Was Gone  Alanis Morissette Ironic  Barenaked Ladies Falling for the First Time  Fuel Bad Day  John Parr St. Elmo's Fire  Peter Gabriel When You're Falling  Kansas Dust in the Wind  Led Zeppelin Stairway to Heaven  The Beatles A Day in the Life  The Beatles Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds  The Beatles Ticket To Ride  The Beatles Obla Di, Obla Da  Bob Dylan/Guns N Roses Knockin' on Heaven's Door  Arthur Brown Fire  Blue Oyster Cult Burnin' For You  Paul McCartney and Wings Live and Let Die  Jimmy Hendrix Hey Joe  Jackson Brown Doctor My Eyes  John Mellencamp Crumbling Down  John Mellencamp I'm On Fire  U2 Sunday Bloody Sunday  Boston Smokin  Billy Joel Only the Good Die Young  Barry McGuire Eve of Destruction  Steam Na Na Na Na Hey Hey  Drifters On Broadway  Shelly Fabares Johnny Angel  Los Bravos Black is Black  Peter and Gordon I Go To Pieces  Peter and Gordon A World Without Love  Elvis (You're the) Devil in Disguise  Zombies She's Not There  Elton John Benny & The Jets  Elton John Daniel  Elton John Rocket Man  Jerry Lee Lewis Great Balls of Fire  Santana Evil Ways  Louis Armstrong What A Wonderful World  Youngbloods Get Together  Ad Libs The Boy from New York City  Peter Paul and Mary Blowin' in the Wind  Peter Paul and Mary Leavin' on a Jet Plane  Rolling Stones Ruby Tuesday  Simon And Garfunkel Bridge Over Troubled Water  Happenings See You in Septemeber  Carole King I Feel the Earth Move  Yager and Evans In the Year 2525  Norman Greenbaum Spirit in the Sky  Brooklyn Bridge Worst That Could Happen  Three Degrees When Will I See You Again  Cat Stevens Peace Train  Cat Stevens Morning Has Broken  Jan and Dean Dead Man's Curve  Martha & the Vandellas Nowhere to Run  Martha and the Vandellas/Van Halen Dancing in the Streets  Hollies He Ain't Heavy, He's My Brother  San Cooke Herman Hermits, Wonder World  Petula Clark A Sign of the Times  Don McLean American Pie  J. Frank Wilson Last Kiss  Buddy Holly and the Crickets That'll Be the Day  John Lennon Imagine  Bobby Darin Mack the Knife  The Clash Rock the Casbah  Surfaris Wipeout  Blood Sweat and Tears And When I Die  Dave Clark Five Bits and Pieces  Tramps Disco Inferno  Paper Lace The Night Chicago Died  Frank Sinatra New York, New York  Creedence Clearwater Revival Travelin' Band  The Gap Band You Dropped a Bomb On Me  Alien Ant Farm Smooth Criminal  3 Doors Down Duck and Run  The Doors The End  Third Eye Blind Jumper  Neil Diamond America  Lenny Kravitz Fly Away  Tom Petty Free Fallin'  Bruce Springsteen I'm On Fire  Bruce Springsteen Goin' Down  Phil Collins In the Air Tonight  Alice in Chains Rooster  Alice in Chains Sea of Sorrow  Alice in Chains Down in a Hole  Alice in Chains Them Bone  Beastie Boys Sure Shot  Beastie Boys Sabotage  The Cult Fire Woman  Everclear Santa Monica  Filter Hey Man, Nice Shot  Foo Fighters Learn to Fly  Korn Falling Away From Me  Red Hot Chili Peppers Aeroplane  Red Hot Chili Peppers Under the Bridge  Smashing Pumpkins Bullet With Butterfly Wings  System of a Down Chop Suey!  Skeeter Davis End of the World  Rickey Nelson Travelin' Man  Chi-Lites Have You Seen Her  Animals We Gotta Get Out of This Place  Fontella Bass Rescue Me  Mitch Ryder and the Detroit Wheels Devil with the Blue Dress  James Taylor Fire and Rain  Edwin Starr/Bruce Springstein War  Lynyrd Skynyrd Tuesday's Gone  Limp Bizkit Break Stuff  Green Day Brain Stew  Temple of the Dog Say Hello to Heaven  Sugar Ray Fly  Local H Bound for the Floor  Slipknot Left Behind, Wait and Bleed  Bush Speed Kills  311 Down  Stone Temple Pilots Big Bang Baby, Dead and Bloated  Soundgarden Fell on Black Days, Black Hole Sun  Nina 99 Luft Balloons/99 Red Balloons"
"RUMEUR";"Significance can be found in numbers relating to the <nobr>September 11</nobr> terrorist attacks on the U.S.";"2001";"The date of the attack: 9/11 - 9 + 1 + 1 = 11  September 11th is the 254th day of the year: 2 + 5 + 4 = 11  After September 11th there are 111 days left to the end of the year.  119 is the area code to Iraq/Iran. 1 + 1 + 9 = 11  Twin Towers — standing side by side, looks like the number 11  The first plane to hit the towers was Flight 11  But ....There's More.......  State of New York - The 11th State added to the Union  New York City — 11 Letters  Afghanistan — 11 Letters  The Pentagon — 11 Letters  Ramzi Yousef — 11 Letters (convicted of orchestrating the attack on the WTC in 1993)  Flight 11 — 92 on board - 9 + 2 = 11  Flight 77 — 65 on board - 6 + 5 = 11"
"RUMEUR";"Osama bin Laden owns extensive gum arabic holdings.";"2001";"Early this morning I was listening to the news. One of the commentators said that Osama Bin Laden owns a HUGE amount of stock in the company that makes Gum Arabic.  Gum Arabic is known to be in some Softdrinks and many other food items. Check your cupboards and refrigerators, if you have products that use Gum Arabic get rid of them and do not buy products with the Gum Arabic additive.  If we continue to use these products that contain Gum Arabic we are in essence supporting this mans terrorist attacks against OUR FELLOW AMERICANS!  One thing that the US helps Osama Bin Laden is, he owns the COMPANY that makes GUM ARABIC mostly used in pop MOUNTAIN DEW IS ONE OF THEM, and other things. GUM ARABIC keeps things from settling in bottles and cans. STOP BUYING ANYTHING WITH GUM ARABIC IN ITS CONTENTS. THE MONEY Goes to Bin Laden company. PLEASE SEND THIS TO EVERYONE. This was on the news today."
"RUMEUR";"A Flight 175 passenger who insisted upon retrieving his forgotten tefillin delayed the doomed flight.";"2006";"David Miller* [*not his real name], a pious observant Jew was at Logan Airport getting ready to board United Flight 175. He was going to LA on an important business trip and had to make this flight. A lot depended on it. He boarded the plane, watched the doors close, and sat down.  Suddenly he remembered that he left his tefillin (ritual boxes with straps worn by Jewish men in prayer) in the terminal boarding area. He politely asked the stewardess if he could go back and retrieve his tefillin, which were sitting just a few feet from the gate.  She told him that once the doors of the plane closed, no one was allowed off the plane. Not about to take this sitting down, he asked if he could speak to the pilot to obtain special permission. Surely the pilot would understand. The pilot did not comply. He simply restated the policy.  David was not about to lose this precious mitzvah, or let the holy tefillin get lost like that, so, not knowing what else to do, he started screaming at the top of his lungs, I am going to lose my tefillin. The crew asked him to be quiet, but he refused to stop making a fuss — a rather loud fuss.  Finally, he was making such a ruckus and a tumult that the flight crew told him that they would let him off the plane, simply because he was a nuisance. In fact, even though it would only take about 90 seconds to run out, grab his tefillin, and run back - they were not going to wait for him.  No matter. David was not about to lose his tefillin, even if it caused him great inconvenience or cost his business a loss. He left the plane, never to reboard.  This flight was United #175. The second plane to reach the WTC. David's devotion to a mitzvah saved his life.  The consequences of David's actions do not end there. Originally the terrorists wanted both towers struck simultaneously to maximize the explosive carnage. Later it was learned that due to this whole tumult, the takeoff was delayed, causing a space of 18 minutes between the striking of the two towers. This delay made it possible for thousands more people to escape alive from both buildings.  Literally thousands, if not tens of thousands, of lives were spared because one Jew would not forsake his beloved tefillin."
"RUMEUR";"CNN used old footage to fake images of 'Palestinians dancing in the street' after the terrorist attack on the USA.";"2001";"All around the world we are subjected to 3 or 4 huge news distributors, and one of them - as you well know - is CNN. Very well, I guess all of you have been seeing (just as I've been) images from this company. In particular, one set of images called my attencion: the Palestinians celebrating the bombing, out on the streets, eating some cake and making funny faces for the camera. Well, THOSE IMAGES WERE SHOT BACK IN 1991!!! Those are images of Palestinians celebrating the invasion of Kuwait! It's simply unacceptable that a super-power of cumminications as CNN uses images which do not correspond to the reality in talking about so serious an issue. A teacher of mine, here in Brazil, has videotapes recorded in 1991, with the very same images he's been sending emails to CNN, Globo (the major TV network in Brazil) and newspapers, denouncing what I myself classify as a crime against the public opinion. If anyone of you has access to this kind of files, serch for it. In the meanwhile, I'll try to 'put my hands' on a copy of this tape.  But now, think for a moment about the impact of such mages. Your people is hurt, emotionally fragile, and this kind broadcast have very high possibility of causing waves of anger and rage against Palestinians. It's simply irresponsible to show images such as those. Finally, I'd like to say that we all regret and condemn all that has happened in the last days but Nikos has a point here. I really don't want to be misunderstood here, but the truth is that US government had shown no respect for other countries in the last decades. In the 60s and 70s they had halped lots of military coups throughout the world (including Brazil in 64). Later, with Reagan and Bush Father, the Washington Consensus have been demolishing the bases of our economies, making us more and more dependant (and, many of us, prehocupied with this situation).  Your current president quickly made things worse: Kioto Protocol, Star Wars, Colombia Plan, the exchange of rain forest for pieces of external debt, tha abandonment of the position of third party in negotiations between IRA and England, and between Palestinians and Israel. All those mistakes in US external politics made your country more hatred than before, and, of course, more vulnerable."
"RUMEUR";"Microsoft's Webings and Wingdings fonts include hidden anti-Semitic and 9/11-referential messages.";"September 2001";"1. open MS word  2. type NYC in uppercase letters  3. change the font size to 72  4. change the font to webdings  5. change the font to wingdings  Apparently q33ny — supposed to be the flight number of one of the crashed planes — gives an aeroplane, two buildings, a skull and crossbones and the star of david. Again, no comment, although whether this is in fact the number of one of the planes seems unlikely.  I've heard a few people suggesting that this is a sign that Microsoft were involved in the terrorist attack."
"RUMEUR";"On-line bookseller Amazon.com is partnered with the web site Intifada.com.";"2001";"A good friend of mine, while searching the Internet, ran across Intifada.com. OK. Then he sees a promotion right on their web page by Amazon.Com advising the readers that:  You can buy books about the Intifada and Palestine from Amazon.Com. All profits from the referral will go to developing Intifada.com. How great! I would assume that this pretty well eliminates Amazon.Com as a book seller, for those of us that understand that the Intifada is about killing Israeli civilians and driving Israel out of the land of their forefathers.  And obviously Amazon.Com is not planning on receiving any more of our business! It would also be nice for us to notify Amazon.Com of our decision and how shocked we were at their evident lack of knowledge of the conflict and the terrorist activities and suicide bombings of civilians that have been the paramount focus of this Intifada."
"RUMEUR";"Sending a petition to the United Nations will help prevent a war between the U.S. and Iraq.";"2002";"The United States are about to start a war without consideration for international law. If you want to speak against it, the UN are collecting signatures to work against this potentially tragic event. Please copy this e-mail to a new mail, sign it at the end of the attached list and send it to all the people you know. If you've received a list with more than 500 signatures, please send another copy to the United Nations inquiries@un.org Even if you decide not to sign, please forward this petition!  Even if you decide not to sign, please consider forwarding the petition on instead of eliminating it."
"RUMEUR";"The U.S. is requesting Americans to light candles for a satellite photo tonight.";"2001";"The U.S. has asked that everyone step out on their lawns tonight at 10:30 p.m. eastern time (7:30 p.m. Pacific) and light a candle. They will be taking a satellite picture of the U.S. and posting it on the news tomorrow morning. Please pass this on to as many people as possible.  A formal request from NASA:  10:30 Eastern, 9:30 Central, 8:30 Mountain, 7:30 Pacific.  NASA has asked that everyone step out on their lawns tonight and light a candle. They will be positioning a satellite to take a picture of the U.S. and posting it on the news tomorrow morning. Please pass this on to as many people as possible."
"RUMEUR";"Four thousand Israelis employed by companies housed in the World Trade Center stayed home from work on 9/11, warned in advance of the impending attack on the WTC.";"September 2001";"(AL-MANAR Television - Beirut Lebanon) With the announcement of the attacks at the World Trade Center in New York, the international media, particularly the Israeli one, hurried to take advantage of the incident and started mourning 4,000 Israelis who work at the two towers. Then suddenly, no one ever mentioned anything about those Israelis and later it became clear that they remarkably did not show up in their jobs the day the incident took place.  No one talked about any Israeli being killed or wounded in the attacks. Arab diplomatic sources revealed to the Jordanian al-Watan newspaper that those Israelis remained absent that day based on hints from the Israeli General Security apparatus, the Shabak, the fact which evoked unannounced suspicions on American officials who wanted to know how the Israeli government learned about the incident before it occurred, and the reasons why it refrained from informing the U.S authorities of the information it had.  Suspicions had increased further after Israeli newspaper Yadiot Ahranot revealed that the Shabak prevented Israeli premier Ariel Sharon from traveling to New York and particularly to the city's eastern coast to participate in a festival organized by the Zionist organizations in support of the Israel. Aharon Bernie, the commentator at the newspaper, brought up the issue and came up with a negative conclusion, saying no answer. He then asked about the clue behind the Shabak's position in preventing Sharon's participation, and again without giving an answer.  Bernie added that Sharon, who was delighted for having his speech on top of the festival agenda, asked the head of the organization to mediate and convince the Shabak to change its position, but his attempts were in vain. The next day after Sharon's secretary officially announced that Sharon would not participate the incident took place.  For its part, the Israeli Ha'aretz newspaper revealed that the FBI arrested five Israelis four hours after the attack on the Twin Towers while filming the smoking skyline from the roof of their company's building. The FBI had arrested the five for puzzling behavior. They are said to have been caught videotaping the disaster in what was interpreted as cries of joy and mockery.     It has been confirmed by the US Goverment and FBI that at the time of the accident, there were 4000 Jews who MIRACULOUSLY never came to their work an the World trade Center building at the time of the accident. This means the Jews knew and were prewarned about the accident that the WTC was going to be hit.... WHY ??????  In every crime you look at who has most to benefit from the act. In this case this crime has been a disaster for America, for the world and also for Arabs and Musilms. The only people who benefited from this act of terror are the Jews. This is not the first time Israel and the Jews have done something like this in the name of someone else to further their own selfish needs. They have even resorted to kiling their own people to win public sympathy and support. This act is not beyond the capabilities and evil deeds of Israel. In this case it seems that it is clear to all that the Jews/Israel have most to gain and should be considered as a possible source behind this act.  I hope the FBI follows the smoking gun as no one will commit an act unless he has something to gain from it, Israel should be a prime suspect in this case."
"RUMEUR";"Thirty Ryder, Verizon, and U-Haul trucks have been stolen recently, presumably by terrorists who will use them in the ongoing attack on America.";"2001";"Hey everybody,  Sorry for the mass email, but I got important news tonight. My dad works for FEMA and he's really involved with the goings on in NYC. He told me that within the last 24 hours, more than 30 Ryder, U-Haul, and Verizon trucks have been reported stolen across the country. The U-Haul and Ryder trucks were rented and then never returned, so they're considered stolen.  Many of them were rented by people of Arab descent. I don't mean to make any assumptions, and I certainly don't want to scare you, but I thought you all might like to know. Be wary of these vehicles, pay attention to them, and don't walk or park near them. He said to stay out of major public places if at all possible (Crossgates, the Pepsi, downtown Albany, etc.) because recreational sites would most likely be hit on weekends.  I'm sorry to cause alarm, but he told me it was OK to share this information. If you'd like to forward it to anyone you know, feel free, as there is a possibility it might save lives. I hope everyone is doing well, and give those you love an extra hug."
"RUMEUR";"A woman who performs a kindness for a stranger is rewarded by his telling her to avoid a certain place on a certain day.";"2001";"This may be cobblers . . . but better safe than sorry after what happened in the US!  Pass on to anyone who may be in Birmingham on October 6th  Hi everyone!  Anyone that knows me well will know that I don't believe in much. I don't believe in ghosts or all that, and if I get one of those Pass this email on to 50 million people and you will be rich, if you don't you will die etc etc emails, I just delete them. I want you all to pass this email on to as many people as you know, its not a chain email, but pass it on all the same.  Right then, I got home from work last night and went round to my best mates. The first words his mum said to me even before she said hello was don't go into Birmingham on October 6th. She explained to me that a woman from her work was in Birmingham on saturday afternoon, and she was in one of those cash and carry warehouses where you can buy cheap stuff, and anyway, there was an indian/asian looking man in front of her who was struggling to get enough money together to pay for everything in his basket, so she gave him a pound coin so he could pay the 68p or whatever he owed.  When she left the shop he was waiting for her outside. He asked her for her name and address and said that he would give her the money back, but she told him not to worry about it. He then said Ok, you have done me a good turn today so I shall do you one back, do not come into Birmingham town centre on october the 6th.  She didn't take much notice of him, but like me, the more she thought about it, the more she worried, so she went to the police. They took her very seriously and showed her mug shots of known islamic supporters and members of extreme groups in Birmingham, and she saw the man in the book of mugshots.  So, i'm just warning you, if you were going to go to Brum Town Centre on the 6th of October, then I wouldn't. I wasn't going to send this because I didn't want to worry people/look stupid when nothing happened on Oct 6th, but I thought that if I didn't say anything and something happened then I would never forgive myself, so its worth the risk of looking a bit daft. Also, the 6th of October is the England/Greece game, when there are likely to be a lot of people in town's pubs n bars watching it, so if they wanted to do something nasty, it would be a good time.  Please pass this on to anyone you think might go into Birmingham Town Centre on the 6th of October. If you don't pass this email on, you will not get bad luck, and if you pass it on to more than 5 people you won't get good luck, but you might stop someone from getting caught up in whatever supposed to be going on on October the 6th. This is not a chain e-mail.    This came from a friend of my sisters this morning:  Morning all - had a bizarre message from my brother in the early hours this morning...  His friend's girlfriend was shopping in Harrods on the weekend. There was an Arab man in front of her who was buying a number of things with cash - he was a few pounds short so the girl offered him £3 to cover it. He thanked her profusely and left. When she left the store the man followed her out and thanked her again and then warned her not to travel on the Tube today!! (Monday 1st October) She was a little thrown by this so she went to the police. The police were very sceptical but in order to eliminate her suspicions gave her the photo-ID book of all known dissidents in the UK. He was on the second page listed as a known terrorist.  This is apparently true and the police are apparently taking this extremely seriously. The most likely time would be rush hour this evening so please avoid it if you can - who knows it may be nothing but is it worth the risk?  PS - I don't have a lot of people's e-mail addresses so obviously please forward this on to anyone and everyone     Just heard from Jackie - this is a very eerie story. A co-worker just told her that she and her husband were shopping at a Costco last night and they were checking out behind an Arab couple. The Arabs did not have enough money to pay their bill so she offered to give them the money. They said we can't pay you back but we can give you some information instead. They said to stay away from the Baltimore tunnels (specifically, the Harbor Tunnel) for the next few days. She called the FBI and they showed her the new Most Wanted list that just came out and he was one of them - the FBI has not been able to find him - he's apparently still living in Laurel. This woman was so upset that she came to work today and then went home.  It amazing that these people are living amongst us and even with their families and kids in our schools. Anyway, Jackie said they are checking all trucks going into and out of the Balt. tunnels. She advised staying away from Baltimore period through this weekend at least. Tell anyone you think might be affected by this."
"RUMEUR";"President George W. Bush has sponsored the creation of a Presidential Prayer Team.";"2001";"The Office of the Presidential Prayer Team has asked that I relay this information to my friends and colleagues so that it will reach its goal of enlisting 2.8 million people (1% of the population) to pray regularly for the President — especially in our current crisis. I recommend that you join this effort. There is no fee or obligation. Just sign up and you'll receive a window decal in the mail, plus e-mail updates on the specific prayer needs of the President and his Cabinet.  To sign up, go to http://www.PresidentialPrayerTeam.org."
"RUMEUR";"A Budweiser employee who saw Arabs celebrating the 9/11 attacks at a convenience store pulled all the Budweiser product from that store.";"September 2001";"Thought you'd like to know what happened in a town north of Bakersfield California. After you finish reading this, please forward this story on to others so that our nation and around the world will know about those who laughed when they found out about the tragic events in New York, PA and the Pentagon.  September 11th, a Budweiser employee was making a delivery to a convenience store in a town called McFarland. He knew of the tragedy that had occurred in New York. He entered the business to find two Arabs whooping and hollering and really cheering it up. It was obvious they were elated with what had happened earlier. The Budweiser employee went to his truck, called his boss and told him of the very upsetting event. He didn't feel he could be in that store with those horrible people. His boss told him, Do you think you could go in there long enough to pull every Budweiser product and item our beverage company sells there? We'll never deliver to them again.  The employee walked in, proceeded to pull every single product his beverage company provided and left with an incredible grin on his face. He told them never to bother and call for a delivery again.  Budweiser happens to be the beer of choice for that community. Just letting you all know how Kern County handles this situation!! [And now the rest of the story: It seems that the Bud driver and the Pepsi man are neighbors. Bud driver called Pepsi driver and told him. Pepsi called his boss who told him to pull all Pepsi products as well!! That would include Frito Lay, etc. Furthermore, word spread and all vendors followed suit!  At last report, the store was closed indefinitely. Good old American Passive-Aggressive Butt-Whoopin'!]  Pass this along. America needs to know that we're all working together."
"RUMEUR";"His Holiness the Dalai Lama composed a letter in response to the <nobr>September 11</nobr> terrorist attacks in which he urged the people of the world to become spiritual activists.";"2001";"Dear friends around the world,  The events of this day cause every thinking person to stop their daily lives, whatever is going on in them, and to ponder deeply the larger questions of life. We search again for not only the meaning of life, but the purpose of our individual and collective experience as we have created it-and we look earnestly for ways in which we might recreate ourselves anew as a human species, so that we will never treat each other this way again.  The hour has come for us to demonstrate at the highest level our most extraordinary thought about Who We Really Are. There are two possible responses to what has occurred today. The first comes from love, the second from fear.  If we come from fear we may panic and do things -as individuals and as nations- that could only cause further damage. If we come from love we will find refuge and strength, even as we provide it to others.  This is the moment of your ministry. This is the time of teaching. What you teach at this time, through your every word and action right now, will remain as indelible lessons in the hearts and minds of those whose lives you touch, both now, and for years to come.  We will set the course for tomorrow, today. At this hour. In this moment. Let us seek not to pinpoint blame, but to pinpoint cause. Unless we take this time to look at the cause of our experience, we will never remove ourselves from the experiences it creates. Instead, we will forever live in fear of retribution from those within the human family who feel aggrieved, and, likewise, seek retribution from them.  To us the reasons are clear. We have not learned the most basic human lessons. We have not remembered the most basic human truths. We have not understood the most basic spiritual wisdom. In short, we have not been listening to God, and because we have not, we watch ourselves do ungodly things.  The message we hear from all sources of truth is clear: We are all one. That is a message the human race has largely ignored. Forgetting this truth is the only cause of hatred and war, and the way to remember is simple: Love, this and every moment.  If we could love even those who have attacked us, and seek to understand why they have done so, what then would be our response? Yet if we meet negativity with negativity, rage with rage, attack with attack, what then will be the outcome?  These are the questions that are placed before the human race today. They are questions that we have failed to answer for thousands of years. Failure to answer them now could eliminate the need to answer them at all.  If we want the beauty of the world that we have co-created to be experienced by our children and our children's children, we will have to become spiritual activists right here, right now, and cause that to happen. We must choose to be at cause in the matter.  So, talk with God today. Ask God for help, for counsel and advice. For insight and for strength and for inner peace and for deep wisdom. Ask God on this day to show us how to show up in the world in a way that will cause the world itself to change. And join all those people around the world who are praying right now, adding your Light to the Light that dispels all fear.  That is the challenge that is placed before every thinking person today. Today the human soul asks the question: What can I do to preserve the beauty and the wonder of our world and to eliminate the anger and hatred-and the disparity that inevitably causes it - in that part of the world which I touch?  Please seek to answer that question today, with all the magnificence that is You. What can you do TODAY...this very moment? A central teaching in most spiritual traditions is: What you wish to experience, provide for another.  Look to see, now, what it is you wish to experience-in your own life, and in the world. Then see if there is another for whom you may be the source of that. If you wish to experience peace, provide peace for another. If you wish to know that you are safe, cause another to know that they are safe.  If you wish to better understand seemingly incomprehensible things, help another to better understand. If you wish to heal your own sadness or anger, seek to heal the sadness or anger of another.  Those others are waiting for you now. They are looking to you for guidance, for help, for courage, for strength, for understanding, and for assurance at this hour. Most of all, they are looking to you for love.  My religion is very simple. My religion is kindness.  Dalai Lama"
"RUMEUR";"Ironing your mail will kill off any lurking anthrax spores.";"2001";"I recently heard that ironing letters will destroy the Anthrax virus. Someone else said microwaving letters would too. They said it was some germ-warfare specialist that said it. Is this true?"
"RUMEUR";"Girl receives letter from her disappeared Afghani boyfriend saying terrorists are going to strike at U.S. malls on Halloween.";"2001";"Hi All - I think you all know that I don't send out hoaxes and don't do the reactionary thing and send out anything that crosses my path. This one, however, is a friend of a friend and I've given it enough credibility in my mind that I'm writing it up and sending it out to all of you.  My friend's friend was dating a guy from Afghanistan up until a month ago. She had a date with him around 9/6 and was stood up. She was understandably upset and went to his home to find it completely emptied. On 9/10, she received a letter from her boyfriend explaining that he wished he could tell her why he had left and that he was sorry it had to be like that. The part worth mentioning is that he BEGGED her not to get on any commercial airlines on 9/11 and to not to go any malls on Halloween. As soon as everything happened on the 11th, she called the FBI and has since turned over the letter.  This is not an email that I've received and decided to pass on. This came from a phone conversation with a long-time friend of mine last night.  I may be wrong, and I hope I am. However, with one of his warnings being correct and devastating, I'm not willing to take the chance on the second and wanted to make sure that people I cared about had the same information that I did."
"RUMEUR";"Women: Take off your clothes and scare terrorists!";"2001";"The President has asked that we unite for a common cause. Since the Islamic people cannot stand nudity, they consider it a sin to see a naked woman that is not their wife. Tonight at 7:00, all women should run out of their house naked to help weed out the terrorists. The United States appreciates your efforts, and applauds you. God bless America."
"RUMEUR";"Terrorists purchased large amounts of candy from Costco stores in New Jersey just before Halloween 2001.";"October 2001";"I spoke with another parent last night whose cousin works in the Wayne Costco.  I am not sure of the validity of this story, however I thought it important and scary enough to pass it along to all.  I did check SNOPES.com, but there is nothing on that site about this case, probably because it is something so local.  Last week a gentleman of middle eastern descent opened up an account at the Hackensack Costco and purchased close to $7,000 worth of candy.  I guess this was not particularly alarming because many small business purchase large amounts of items at Costco.  What became alarming this same person (or someone using this person's card) purchased close to $15,000 worth of addition CANDY 2 days ago at the Wayne Costco.  The cashier became alarmed at this large purchase of candy and more so when the person paid cash. I'm told she was fearful and did not alert anyone in the store until after the person left and then it was reported to authorities.  I pass this along in case your children or grandchildren go trick or treating.  I do not know the intentions of the person who purchased all this candy, but in today's time I do not think it is crazy to be overly cautious. The possibility of this candy being tainted and resold to unknowing discount distributors and then passed on to unknowing consumers is too great.      I called the Hackensack location (because I grew sick of the false alarms and rumors) and this information is true.  Guys be careful a notice just came to me from someone that works in Costco. 2 Arabic guys bought more than $35,000.00 dollars worth of candy, in Wayne $15,000.00 & in Hackensack $20,0000.00. After they left they found out their Costco i.d was fake, & they paid the whole thing cash. The F.B.I. was notified just be careful with your kids for trick o' treating on Halloween! I just thought u wanted to know that.  DONT LET THOSE KIDS GO OUT FOR HALLOWEEN!     Yesterday (October 23rd), two arabians went into the Costco in Wayne, NJ and bought five thousand $ worth of candy. So Costco called the cops and told them. The FBI caught one of the arabians and the other one got away with the candy. The arabic that got caught was illegally in the country and the FBI thinks the candy is a way to spread the Anthrax virus. send this to 15 people to help protect the country and our kids who will be trick or treating on October 31. THIS IS NOT A HOAX OR RUMOR!!!!"
"RUMEUR";"University peaceniks are chased from a restaurant by patrons singing God Bless America.";"2001";"I arrived in Moscow, Idaho (Home of Idaho University one block from Best Western) and went to dinner at Best Western. About 85-100 people were in the Restaurant. I'm at a table for about 5 minutes when this Group comes in (20 people). They have Anti-War Picket Signs with them. It appears that two of these demonstrators are Professors.  They all sit at a large round table behind me and begin to talk very loudly about US atrocities in Afghanistan. One of the Professors stands up and gives a brief talk about how the US is famous for atrocities and Afghanistan will be no different. One of the students asked a question about Viet Nam POW's. The Professor makes a comment about how that was only US propaganda about poor treatment of POW's.  OK - I'm really mad now and I jump up and go over to their table. (In retrospect - Over the entrance to the Restaurant is a huge American Flag. On each table is an American Flag and a small hand painted sign United We Stand). I excuse myself and ask the Professor if I can ask him a question. He says yes. I said that he appears to be of age to have served in Viet Nam, and asked him if he had served. His answer was, NO - I defended this Campus and told the truth to the students. I then asked if he remembered what he was doing on February 16, 1969. When he answered, Of course not - that was too long ago, I responded, Really, I remember what I was doing. That was the second day of my capture and I had been standing in a bamboo cage for 24 hours with water up to my chest. I then said Sir, your comments about how POW's in Nam were treated are a lie and I personally say to you, you are a ******* liar, as you never were there. I was a POW and they did not treat our POWs humanly. The only other person I have ever heard make the statements like you have is Jane Fonda. Is she telling the truth and not me? He stood up and after about 10 seconds said, Jane is a great patriot and I cannot visualize her lying. With that, I reached over and grabbed the small American Flag and United We Stand sign and said, I'm taking this back to my table where it can be appreciated.  No one said a word to me as I started to walk back. However after a few seconds, people started standing up and applauding all around the restaurant. Two men got up from a table across the room and walked over to me. The first identified himself as former US Marine Lieutenant Flynn and the other man was former Gunnery Sergeant Graboski. In a loud voice after introducing themselves, Lt. Flynn said they were former Marine Guards at a US Embassy. He then said, We are over at this table to defend the US Flag from all foes, both foreign and domestic. They then sat down and asked their Waitress to bring their meals over to my table. A few more minutes went by with loud comments from the Anti-War table. All of a sudden, Gunny Sergeant Graboski stood up and in a loud voice said All of you heard what the President said the other night. You are either with the United States or you are with the terrorists. He then said, Please stand and join me in God Bless America.  As he started singing, people all around the restaurant stood up and joined in. Several of the students at the Anti-War table also stood up half way through the song and joined in. Both Professors and the majority of the students remained seated and refused to sing. At the end there was a great ovation.  The Manager came up to my table. (He and his staff came out from the kitchen and sang). He thanked me for what I started and then went over to the Anti-War table and asked them to leave. I will pay for what you have had so far but I cannot in good conscience serve you - get out now!!  One of the Professors then made a remark Well, we are not going to pay one dime for how shabbily we have been treated. As they were leaving, one customer stood up and said, Manager, here is $5 towards their bill, anyone else willing to chip in to get this scum out of here? All over the restaurant, people stood up reaching for their wallet and saying, I'll chip in The Manager, in tears said, My family is from Poland, I am now a citizen and am so proud of what I see tonight. He started crying and a couple of the waitresses helped him into the kitchen.  The two Marines and I were there for about another 20 minutes and finished our meal. The Hostess came up and showed us more than $100 dollars that all the other tables had told their Waitresses to give towards our bill. I thanked her but said I could not take the money. Lt Flynn suggested donating it in the Restaurant's name to the New York Relief Fund, so I guess that's what will happen. I just can't believe how Americans are coming together now.  Just thought you would like to hear how the rest of the country is reacting to what happened!!!"
"RUMEUR";"Muhammad Ali offered a pithy quote about religion while visiting the World Trade Center site.";"2001";"Former heavyweight boxing champ Muhammad Ali visited the ruins of the World Trade Center on Thursday. When reporters asked how he felt about the suspects sharing his Islamic faith, Ali responded pleasantly, How do you feel about Hitler sharing yours?"
"RUMEUR";"Seven women have died from sniffing perfume or detergent samples sent to them in the mail.";"October 2001";"I DON'T KNOW WHERE THIS CAME FROM BUT...  I feel that it is important to inform you of very important information that I was told. Seven women have died after smelling a free perfume sample that was mailed to them. The product was poisonous. If you receive free samples in the mail such as lotions, perfumes, diapers etc... throw it away. The government is afraid that this might be another terrorist act. They will not announce it on the news because they do not want to alarm us of any danger.   "
"RUMEUR";"A dog named Daisy rescued hundreds of people from the damaged World Trade Center towers on 9/11.";"November 2001";"This is a true story which happened on 9-11-01. James Crane worked on the 101st of Tower 1 of the World Trade Center.  He is blind so he has a golden retriever named Daisy. After the plane hit 20 stories below, James knew that he was doomed, so he let Daisy go out as an act of love. With tears in her eyes she darted away into the darkened hallway. Choking on the fumes of the jet fuel and the smoke he was just waiting to die ... About 30 minutes later, Daisy comes back along with James' boss, who Daisy just happened to pick up on floor 112. On her first run of the building, she leads James, James' boss and about 300 more people out of the doomed building.  But she wasn't through yet, she knew there were others who were trapped. So, highly against James' wishes she ran back in the building. On her second run, she saved 392 lives. Again she went back in. During this run, the building collapses. James hears about this and falls on his knees into tears.  Against all known odds, Daisy makes it out alive, but this time she is carried by a firefighter. She lead us right to the people, before she got injured the fireman explained. Her final run saved other 273 lives. She suffered acute smoke inhalation, severe burns on all four paws, and a broken leg, but she saved 967 lives. The next week, Mayor Guilaini rewards Daisy with the Canine medal of Honor of New York. Daisy is the first civilian Canine to win such an honor."
"RUMEUR";"An Open letter to terrorists from an American grandfather was written by <nobr>Dr. Charles F. Stanley</nobr>, the Atlanta pastor who appears on the In Touch radio and television broadcasts.";"2001";"An Open Letter to Terrorists and Those Who Harbor and Support You  From an American Grandfather:  I am told by the leaders of my government that you are intelligent people. In light of your actions, I am having growing difficulty believing that. At the very least, it has become increasingly obvious that you lack a fundamental comprehension of my psychology as an American. I hear on our news broadcasts that your rage is fueled by my support of Israel. It has never been about nationality or religious faith - never about Jew vs. Arab. I thought you would finally have understood that when I sent my children into harm's way in order to protect the innocent citizens of Arab Kuwait from the savage wolf who would devour them for his own gain. It has everything to do with the lessons taught to me by my father - and his before him for many generations before the white man came to this land we call America.  I have a vivid memory of coming home, as a boy of about nine years of age, and telling my father of feeling helpless horror as I watched the neighborhood bully unmercifully torment a boy even smaller than myself. My father reflected for a long moment, then quietly inquired of me as to what I had done about it. I said that I had watched until it was over and had then come home. The look in his eyes penetrated me to my core for he had never looked at me in that way before. He said that he was deeply ashamed of me and he sent me to my room with instructions to think about what had happened. It seemed hours before he came to my door. He sat beside me on my bed and, for a painfully long while, he said nothing.  When finally he spoke, he explained, There will always be among us dishonorable men who are devoid of humanity and compassion. They are but naked animals and an empty shell of what truly is a man. They attempt to fill their emptiness by the exercise of power over others, thinking that it makes them whole men. Often they are enraged that they do not even understand their own emptiness, what it is that they lack. When these men are also cowards, they disguise themselves as sheep among the flock and attack from the shadows. This is the vilest form of sub-human behavior for even animals attack openly when they must attack. When humanity and integrity are present in a man, he expresses them as compassion. When compassion and strength achieve perfect balance within a man, they manifest as wisdom. The compassionate man feels the pain of others. The wise man protects others from pain. For, if you watch and do nothing to protect others, who will come to your aide when you alone remain and the bully comes for you? Some things are far more important than your personal safety and freedom from pain. If ever again you see someone being hurt, protect him, even if you are certain to be injured in the process. Then I will know that I have truly raised a  man  Anyone who understands the impact of this lesson - and how deeply it runs in the man I have become, will understand my unflinching willingness to sacrifice my children in defense of Arab and Jew alike when they are threatened by the bullies and cowards of the world. And please do not insult my intelligence with claims of Jewish treatment of Palestinians. I am old enough to retain vivid memories of 1948. I remember the excitement of the Jews over the prospect of governing with them. Their reaction, and that of their neighbors, was to attempt to finish what the Nazis could not -repeatedly.  Intelligent men? I, for one, am stunned by the monumental stupidity of your arrogance. Did you actually think that only Americans would occupy the World Trade Center? You have but fired the first pitiful salvo of World War III for the entire world is now preparing to come after you, your host, your financers and your supporters. And please, do not listen to what I say. You would do far better to watch the sky.  I must say that I owe you a profound debt of gratitude. Not for what you have done or what you have unleashed upon the world, but for what you have accomplished. For not one among us could have accomplished it. On Monday, September 10, 2001, we were a divisive, apathetic nation. Our young people had nothing by which to identify with our history or heritage our people were divided by factions of religion and skin color our government was polarized and paralyzed by political party affiliation, able to agree upon nothing the military had difficulty obtaining volunteers and most of us simply changed TV channels in response to Red Cross pleas for blood donations. Your actions have changed all of that in a way that has occurred only twice before in the history of this nation - once in 1776 and again on December 7, 1941. The worst in the worst of Allah's children has brought out the best in the best of Allah's children and, for this, I thank you.  Since your cowardly act, Muslim, Jew, Christian, black, white, yellow and brown have stood shoulder to shoulder for hours in the hot sun to donate blood for the injured. Our government has suddenly become totally united in it's purpose. Our military is having difficulty handling the flood of volunteers from among our young people. Our flag makers report that there is no way humanly possible that they can keep up with the demand — shipments are sold out within minutes. You have accomplished a miracle that only God could have anticipated.  And, it would seem, the hand of God was present even in the date that you selected for your attack, for you could not have chosen a date more in keeping with a reawakening of American pride and purpose. There is in America a nationwide system for seeking help in times of emergency. Every American knows that, when threatened, he can pick up any telephone and dial 911 and help is immediately on the way to assist and protect him. By selecting September, (our 9th month), 11, 2001 to exhibit your cowardice, you unwittingly placed a 911 call that has brought all of America together in a way that brings tears of joy and pride to my eyes. No longer is our battle cry, Remember Pearl Harbor! Thanks to you and your kind it will now and forevermore be, Remember 911! whenever the innocents of any nation find themselves threatened by cowards with guns.  I do not, for a moment, deny that you hurt me. Far too many parents and children now go to bed wondering where their loved ones are. And, yes, I am momentarily reeling. But it is from the sudden realization that I share the planet with anyone capable of such an atrocity against the humanity of so many nations.  In his Inaugural Address in Washington, D.C. on January 20, 1961, President John F. Kennedy said, Let every nation know, whether it wishes us well or ill, that we shall pay any price, bear any burden, meet any hardship, support any friend, oppose any foe to assure the survival and the success of liberty. He was talking about the liberty of all men, of all faiths, of all nations.  You need to understand that the truth of that statement is the very fabric of who and what I am. I wish neither to rule nor to inflict injury upon the innocents of any nation. I am the lion who sleeps with God's lambs to protect them from ravenous wolves who would devour them. Your 911 call has awakened the lion and now I hunger for the flesh of wolves.  In closing let me state, Muhammad taught that Allah is a God of love- yet you have the unmitigated gall to bastardize Islam to suit your own personal, unholy agenda. Who now is the infidel?"
"RUMEUR";"Mohammed Atta, a convicted terrorist released by Israel at the insistence of the U.S., participated in the 9/11 terrorist attacks.";"September 2001";"I received this e-mail note today, from a reliable source. What can we say?  An Arab terrorist named Atta blew up a bus in Israel in 1986. The Israelis captured, tried and imprisoned him. As part of the Oslo agreement Israel had to agree to release so called political prisoners. However, Israeli officials insisted that they would not release any with blood on their hands. Some well meaning American President and Secretary of State insisted that all be released.  Thus Mr. Atta was freed and eventually thanked the US by flying an airplane into Tower One of the World Trade Center. This was reported by many of the networks at the time the terrorists were first identified. It was missing from later reports. That President and Secretary of State were Ronald Reagan and George Schultz.     In case you didn't know ...  Terrorist pilot Mohammed Atta blew up a bus in Israel in 1986. The Israelis captured, tried and imprisoned him.  As part of the Oslo agreement with the Palestinians in 1993, Israel had to agree to release so-called political prisoners. However, the Israelis would not release any with blood on their hands.  The American President at the time, Bill Clinton, and his Secretary of State, Warren Christopher, insisted that all prisoners be released. Thus Mr. Atta was freed and eventually Thanked the US by flying an airplane into Tower One of the World Trade Center.  This was reported by many of the American TV networks at the time that the terrorists were first identified. It was censored in the US from all later reports.  The American public must be made aware of this fact."
"RUMEUR";"Employees at Dunkin' Donuts outlets desecrated American flags and celebrated the 9/11 terrorist attack on America.";"2001";"Attention all Americans: Boycott Dunkin Donuts!!  In Cedar Grove, NJ, a customer saw the owner of a Dunkin Donuts store burn the U.S. flag. In another Dunkin Donuts store in Little Falls, a customer saw a U.S. flag on the floor with Arabic writing all over it. In Wayne, NJ the employees of Arabic background were cheering behind the counter when the heard about the attacks. A customer throw his coffee at them and phoned the police.  We are starting a nationwide boycott of all Dunkin Donuts. Please make sure this gets passed on to all fellow Americans during this time of tragedy. We Americans need to stick together and make these horrible people understand what country they are living in and how good they used to have it when we supported them. Numerous fastfood companies are at Ground Zero, giving away free food to volunteers. Where is Dunkin Donuts in all of this? Boycott Dunkin Donuts! Pass it on."
"RUMEUR";"A NYC firefighter's dare to Osama bin Laden brought about the crash of American Airlines Flight 587.";"2001";"About the terrible crash of the Airbus A-300 in New York. There are already rumors being circulated on radio that this was the result of a terrorist acting on the challenge issued by a firefighter on the televised super-celebrity concert recently given in New York. This firefighter challenged bin-Laden saying the firefighter was ready for him and gave his full address . . . in Rockaway. Now the rumor is that the terrorists took him up on it."
"RUMEUR";"Sylvester Stallone will tackle the Taliban and Osama bin Laden in Afghanistan in an upcoming <i>Rambo</i> film.";"November 2001";"There is a rumor that Sylvester Stalone is curenty in seclusion writing Rambo IV (ok technically First Blood IV). It is supposed to be about Rambo (to be played by a younger acter (also part of rumor)) going after Osama Bin Laden or another terrorist."
"RUMEUR";"Photograph captures an unlucky tourist posing on the observation deck of a World Trade Center tower on 9/11, seconds before a hijacked airliner smashed into the building.";"September 2001";"We've seen thousands of pictures concerning the attack. However, this one will make you cringe.  A simple tourist getting himself photographed on the top of the WTC just seconds before the tragedy ... the camera was found in the rubble!!"
"RUMEUR";"Osama bin Laden owns Citibank.";"2001";"This letter actually comes from ME - SR  My mother in law received a letter from a credit card company which stated Osama Bin laden was a principal owner of Citibank. My husband called the credit card company to check the validity of the letter. Then he called Citibank 1-800-950-5114. They confirmed that Osama Bin Laden is a principal owner, not a stock holder, but a principal owner. Then they said they couldn't discuss anything else.  For any of you that have a citibank credit card.... DON'T USE IT! Osama is counting on our money. I have a Citibank Choice Card and I used it primarily for my household purchases. But I won't any more. I never would have thought that my purchases would put money into a terrorists pockets...  Call the 800 number above and verify this for yourself........ Those of you who know me, Call me and I will relay this same story to you!!!!!!  Pass this on so we can freeze the flow of money to this terrorist..."
"RUMEUR";"Monies given to the <nobr>September 11</nobr> Fund are being used to defend suspected terrorists.";"2001";"It may be time for the 9-11 charity relief-fund police to begin phase two of their oversight campaign. If you haven't already heard about it, you're not going to believe this.  You've probably read that some of the Sept. 11 relief money was granted to an organization defending people suspected of involvement in the very crimes that made these charitable efforts necessary. The offending organization, the September 11th Fund, was established by the United Way and the New York Community Trust to receive and distribute donations to help victims of the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks.  We're not talking about pocket change here. The Fund gave $171,000 to the Legal Aid Society, which is assisting in the legal defense of eight terror suspects now detained in Brooklyn, N.Y. That's like the Heart Association donating to the Society of Sedentary Butter Eaters. Actually, it's worse, because sedentary butter-eaters harm themselves . . . they don't murder innocent people.  Are you outraged yet? If not, there's more. The Fund, far from chastened by criticism from those outraged at the above, is up to further mischief.  CNSNews.com now tells us that the Fund has made more than a million dollars worth of grants to various left-wing political groups — CNSNews' characterization, not mine, but it is undeniably correct."
"RUMEUR";"A memo from Osama bin Laden to his cavemates decries the theft of a box of <nobr>Cheez-Its.</nobr>";"2001";"From: Bin Laden, Osama [mailto:osama@taliban.com] Sent: Monday, November 19, 2001 8:17 AM To: Cavemates Subject: The Cave  Hi guys. We've all been putting in long hours but we've really come together as a group and I love that. Big thanks to Omar for putting up the poster that says There is no I in team as well as the one that says Hang In There, Baby. That cat is hilarious. However, while we are fighting a jihad, we can't forget to take care of the cave. And frankly I have a few concerns.  First of all, while it's good to be concerned about cruise missiles, we should be even more concerned about the scorpions in our cave. Hey, you don't want to be stung and neither do I, so we need to sweep the cave daily. I've posted a sign-up sheet near the main cave opening.  Second, it's not often I make a video address but when I do, I'm trying to scare the most powerful country on earth, okay? That means that while we're taping, please do not ride your razor scooter in the background. Just while we're taping. Thanks.  Third point, and this is a touchy one. As you know, by edict, we're not supposed to shave our beards. But I need everyone to just think hygiene, especially after mealtime. We're all in this together.  Fourth: food. I bought a box of Cheez-Its recently, clearly wrote Osama on the front, and put it on the top shelf. Today, my Cheez-Its were gone. Consideration. That's all I'm saying.  Finally, we've heard that there may be American soldiers in disguise trying to infiltrate our ranks. I want to set up patrols to look for them. First patrol will be Omar, Muhammed, Abdul, Akbar, and Richard.  Love you lots.  Osama"
"RUMEUR";"Astronaut John Glenn authored a piece expressing outrage at how the U.S. military has been hampered and ignored in recent years.";"2001";"Remember John Glenn's famous quote when he was asked what it felt like sitting atop the rocket, ready to launch? I felt about as good as anybody would, sitting in a capsule on top of a rocket that were both built by the lowest bidder. (Senator John Glenn, Colonel USMC, Retired)  Dear Americans:  When I opened my e-mail this morning, I had about 20 forwards of the article written by Gordon Sinclair, the Canadian who so eloquently praised the United States. What most of you do not realize is that this commentary was written many years ago. Those of us in the military service have known about it for a long time. Now Americans are flooding the net with it as if it were new. It is not. When it was written, most Americans didn't read it because most Americans did not care.  The tragedy that befell all of us on September 11th shocked America. America no longer feels safe. Many of you have said, The government should have known!  Thirty billion dollars is spent on intelligence! What about the military?!?!  Just a reminder America: you voted our government into office. For years, you allowed some dishonest politicians and twisted television media personalities to shape your ideas about the defense of our nation. Why? Because most Americans were too lazy to look beyond the three-minute sound bites on the evening news.  Here's a news flash not being broadcast much:  On September 11th, America had the exact level of protection, both militarily and intelligence-related, that it was willing to pay for. Only yesterday, the Congress and the Senate approved 40 BILLION dollars as a down payment to fight this war. A short time ago, our politicians said a $100 million dollar increase for the Navy budget was substantial. In that same bill, they ordered the Navy to conduct an $85 million dollar study on....... what? Missile defense? (No) desperately needed parts for our fighter aircraft? (wrong again) Training for Navy SEALs? (Nah)  They wanted breast cancer research. Yes, America, your elected officials decided that the U.S. Navy needed more mammograms and less missiles. Was this an under-the-table, sneaky move? No, it was right out in the open. The Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of the Navy both opposed it. A New York Senatorial candidate (yes, she's the one) was enraged that the military would be so sexist and irresponsible to the needs of civilians and wanted the Navy to give the money back immediately! But the media paid it little mind. So America paid little attention.  Did anyone ever watch CSPAN? Particularly when the heads of our armed services essentially begged OUR representatives to give the military more money to fight terrorism and maintain a strong defense? Did you see the debates by the heads of the intelligence services that terrorism was the new threat? They told the committees of Congress that the CIA, the FBI, and the military did not have the money to build the necessary intelligence networks in the areas where terrorists were being harbored. They warned again and again that there was clear and present danger within America's borders.  No, America must have been watching one of the other 114 satellite channels.  The military said: We need more money to maintain military readiness and combat training. America answered: What the military needs is sensitivity training! You're all sexist homophobes! I saw it on 60 Minutes! The military said: We need money to build ships, planes, and tanks and to improve our technology. America still has credible threats throughout the world. Terrorism will come to America's doorstep. America answered: You're all part of a vast right-wing conspiracy. There is no more Soviet threat! My Senator told me so! He/she says we do not need such a big military! You're dinosaurs trying to hold onto the Cold War! We need more social  programs!  The military said: We need to recruit more Americans into the military. We need to increase our force. America answered: You're not taking my kids! We're going to shut down the ROTC programs at our high schools and universities because you discriminate against alternative lifestyles! ROTC teaches children (under 21) how to shoot guns! You just want another Columbine! Rosie and Oprah say so!  The military said: We can't keep interfering in the civil wars of small, insignificant countries. It wastes our time, expends our resources, decreases training, and demoralizes our troops. The men and women of the United States are warriors trying to defend OUR nation we are not the Third World's police force. America answered: You heartless bastards! Can't you see the tear in the eye of that starving child?! There are flies on her face, for Christ's sake! Get moving! Jesse Jackson on CNN said that is what we pay you for!  The military asked: Why isn't America enraged over the terrorist attack on the USS Cole that killed 17 AMERICAN sailors? How about the Air Force barracks bombed in Saudi Arabia? Or the embassy staffs in Africa? Or the soldiers mutilated and dragged through the streets in Somalia? America answered: We don't have time right now! We're busy defending animal and gay rights!  Our schools are handing out automatic weapons! The federal government is discriminating against cross-dressing Bolivian hermaphrodites! The police are all members of the Ku Klux Klan! The lack of ozone is ruining my tan! If they cut deeper into food stamps, those poor women will have to move down to Size 18/20 Chanel dresses! AND THE WORST! Corporations are raising the prices of their products sooo high that I might not be able to afford the multi-disc DVD player for my 36 digital-ready TV! Besides, YOU GUYS ARE PAID TO DIE!  So - while you sit on your couch or around your office coffee pots and ask,Why did those terrorists kill innocent civilians? Why didn't they go after the military? - remember this, America:  They already had gone after the military - but America didn't care. These terrorists realized that they needed to kill American civilians - and lots of them - before they could have their desired reaction from the people of this country. Well, now they have it."
"RUMEUR";"An expletive-filled letter from Saucy Jack detailing conditions in Afghanistan was penned by a Marine serving there.";"2001";"Just outside of Ab Gach, in the Northwest panhandle of Afghanistan between Tajikstan and Pakistan.  November 11, 2001  Bizarre,  It's fucking freezing here. I'm sitting on hard, cold dirt between rocks and shrubs at the base of the Hindu Kush mountains along the Dar 'yoi Pomir River watching a hole that leads to a tunnel that leads to a cave. Stake out, my friend, and no pizza delivery for thousands of miles.  I also glance at the area around my ass every ten to fifteen seconds to avoid another scorpion sting. I've actually given up battling the chiggers and sand fleas, but them goddamn scorpions give a jolt like a cattle prod. Hurts like a bastard. The antidote tastes like transmission fluid but God bless the Marine Corps for the five vials of it in my pack.  The one truth the Taliban cannot escape is that, believe it or not, they are human beings, which means they have to eat food and drink water. That requires couriers and that's where an old bounty hunter like me comes in handy. I track the couriers, locate the tunnel entrances and storage facilities, type the info into the handheld, shoot the coordinates up to the satellite link that tells the air commanders where to drop the hardware, we bash some heads for a while, then I track and record the new movement. It's all about intelligence.  We haven't even brought in the snipers yet. These scurrying rats have no idea what they're in for. We are but days away from cutting off supply lines and allowing the eradication to begin. I dream of bin Laden waking up to find me standing over him with my boot on his throat as I spit a bloody ear into his face and plunge my nickel plated Bowie knife through his frontal lobe. But you know me. I'm a romantic.  I've said it before and I'll say it again: This country blows, man. It's not even a country. There are no roads, there's no infrastructure, here's no government. This is an inhospitable, rock pit shithole ruled by eleventh century warring tribes. There are no jobs here like we know jobs.  Afghanistan offers two ways for a man to support his family: join the opium trade or join the army. That's it. Those are your options. Oh, I forgot, you can also live in a refugee camp and eat plum-sweetened, crushed beetle paste and squirt mud like a goose with stomach flu if that's your idea of a party. But the smell alone of those tent cities of the walking dead is enough to hurl you into the poppy fields to cheerfully scrape bulbs for eighteen hours a day.  And let me tell you something else. I've been living with these Tajiks and Uzbeks and Turkmen and even a couple of Pushtins for over a month and a half now and this much I can say for sure: These guys, all of em, are Huns. Actual, living Huns. They LIVE to fight. Its what they do. Its ALL they do. They have no respect for anything, not for their families or for each other or for themselves. They claw at one another as a way of life. They play polo with dead calves and force their five-year-old sons into human cockfights to defend the family honor. Huns, roaming packs of savage, heartless beasts who feed on each other's barbarism. Goddamn cavemen with AK 47's. Then again, maybe I'm just cranky.  I'm freezing my cock off on this stupid fucking hill because my lap warmer is running out of juice and I can't recharge it until the sun comes up in a few hours. Oh yeah! You like to write letters, right? Do me a favor, Bizarre. Write a letter to CNN and tell Judy and Bernie and that awful, sneering, pompous Aaron Brown to stop calling the Taliban smart. They are not smart. I suggest CNN invest in a dictionary because the word they are looking for is cunning. The Taliban are cunning, like jackals and hyenas and wolverines. They are sneaky and ruthless and, when confronted, cowardly. They are hateful, malevolent parasites who create nothing and destroy everything else. Smart. Pfft. Yeah, they're real smart. They've spent their entire lives reading only one book (and not a very good one, as books go) and consider hygiene and indoor plumbing to be products of the devil.  They're still figuring out how to work a Bic lighter. Talking to a Taliban warrior about improving his quality of life is like trying to teach an ape how to hold a pen eventually he just gets frustrated and sticks you in the eye with it. OK, enough.  Snuffle will be up soon so I have to get back to my hole. Covering my Tracks in the snow takes a lot of practice but I'm getting good at it. Please tell my fellow Americans to turn off their TV sets and move on with their lives. The story line you are getting from CNN is utter bullshit and designed not to deliver truth but rather to keep you glued to the screen through the commercials. We've got this one under control.  The worst thing you guys can do right now is sit around analyzing what we're doing over here because you have no idea what we're doing and, really, you don't want to know. We are your military and we are doing what you sent us here to do.  You wanna help? Buy some fucking stocks, America.  Saucy Jack"
"RUMEUR";"Bodies still strapped into their airplane seats are discovered in an apartment near the World Trade Center.";"2001";"It seems that my friend's mother in law has a friend with an apartment in Battery Park City. The friend was just allowed into her apartment the other day for the first time since September 11. For those who don't know lower Manhattan, Battery Park City is basically across the street from the World Trade Center. This lady walks into her apartment and sees that her living room window is completely shattered. And there, sitting in her living room, are two airplane seats, with two (dead and decomposing) people still strapped to them....I told my friend that those people are among the lucky ones - they can at least be identified and given a proper burial.  My friends wife is a flight attendant for american, a flight attendant friend of hers based out of NY told her that she was just allowed back to her apt. about two weeks ago, located a few blocks from WTC. She was escorted to her apt. by a fireman for safety, when they opened the door they found two dead bodies still buckled into their seats, apparently from one of the airplanes."
"RUMEUR";"An article defining What is an American? was penned by an Australian dentist.";"2001";"The following was said to be written by a dentist in Australia.     You probably missed it in the rush of news last week, but there was actually a report that someone in Pakistan had published in a newspaper there an offer of a reward to anyone who killed an American, any American.  So I just thought I would write to let them know what an American is, so they would know when they found one.  An American is English ... or French, or Italian, Irish, German, Spanish, Polish, Russian or Greek. An American may also be African, Indian, Chinese, Japanese, Australian, Iranian, Asian, or Arab, or Pakistani, or Afghan.  An American is Christian, or he could be Jewish, or Buddhist, or Muslim. In fact, there are more Muslims in America than in Afghanistan. The only difference is that in America they are free to worship as each of them choose.  An American is also free to believe in no religion. For that he will answer only to God, not to the government, or to armed thugs claiming to speak for the government and for God.  An American is from the most prosperous land in the history of the world. The root of that prosperity can be found in the Declaration of Independence, which recognizes the God-given right of each man and woman to the pursuit of happiness.  An American is generous. Americans have helped out just about every other nation in the world in their time of need. When Afghanistan was overrun by the Soviet army 20 years ago, Americans came with arms and supplies to enable the people to win back their country. As of the morning of September 11, Americans had given more than any other nation to the poor in Afghanistan.  An American does not have to obey the mad ravings of ignorant, ungodly cruel, old men. American men will not be fooled into giving up their lives to kill innocent people, so that these foolish old men may hold on to power. American women are free to show their beautiful faces to the world, as each of them choose.  An American is free to criticize his government's officials when they are wrong, in his or her own opinion. Then he is free to replace them, by majority vote.  Americans welcome people from all lands, all cultures, all religions, because they are not afraid. They are not afraid that their history, their religion, their beliefs, will be overrun, or forgotten. That is because they know they are free to hold to their religion, their beliefs, their history, as each of them choose.  And just as Americans welcome all, they enjoy the best that everyone has to bring, from all over the world. The best science, the best technology, the best products, the best books, the best music, the best food, the best athletes.  Americans welcome the best, but they also welcome the least. The nation symbol of America welcomes your tired and your poor, the wretched refuse of your teeming shores, the homeless, tempest tossed.  These in fact are the people who built America. Many of them were working in the twin towers on the morning of September 11, earning a better life for their families.  So you can try to kill an American if you must. Hitler did. So did General Tojo and Stalin and Mao Tse-Tung, and every bloodthirsty tyrant in the history of the world.  But in doing so you would just be killing yourself. Because Americans are not a particular people from a particular place. They are the embodiment of the human spirit of freedom. Everyone who holds to that spirit, everywhere, is an American.  So look around you. You may find more Americans in your land than you thought were there. One day they will rise up and overthrow the old, ignorant, tired tyrants that trouble too many lands. Then those lands too will join the community of free and prosperous nations.  And America will welcome them.[Click here to expand text]."
"RUMEUR";"The damage to the Pentagon on <nobr>September 11</nobr> was caused by something other than a hijacked <nobr>Boeing 757</nobr>'s being crashed into its side.";"2002";"As everyone knows, on 11 September, less than an hour after the attack on the World Trade Centre, an airplane collided with the Pentagon. The Associated Press first reported that a booby-trapped truck had caused the explosion. The Pentagon quickly denied this. The official US government version of events still holds. Here's a little game for you: Take a look at these photographs and try to find evidence to corroborate the official version. It's up to you to Hunt the Boeing!"
"RUMEUR";"Former USAF General Dick Hawley delivered a caustic speech about thoughts of such surpassing stupidity that they must be addressed.";"2002";"Speech from the former ACC commander (now retired and not restricted to being politically correct), Gen Hawley.  Since the attack, I have seen, heard, and read thoughts of such surpassing stupidity that they must be addressed. You've heard them too. Here they are:  1) We're not good, they're not evil, everything is relative.  Listen carefully: We're good, they're evil, nothing is relative. Say it with me now and free yourselves. You see, folks, saying We're good doesn't mean, We're perfect. Okay? The only perfect being is the bearded guy on the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel. The plain fact is that our country has, with all our mistakes and blunders, always been and always will be, the greatest beacon of freedom, charity, opportunity, and affection in history.  If you need proof, open all the borders on Earth and see what happens. In about half a day, the entire world would be a ghost town, and the United States would look like one giant line to see The Producers.  2) Violence only leads to more violence.  This one is so stupid you usually have to be the president of an Ivy League university to say it. Here's the truth, which you know in your heads and hearts already: Ineffective, unfocused violence leads to more violence.  Limp, panicky, half-measures lead to more violence. However, complete, fully-thought-through, professional, well-executed violence never leads to more violence because, you see, afterwards, the other guys are all dead.  That's right, dead. Not on trial, not reeducated, not nurtured back into the bosom of love. Dead. D-E-Well, you get the idea.  3) The CIA and the rest of our intelligence community has failed us.  For 25 years we have chained our spies like dogs to a stake in the ground, and now that the house has been robbed, we yell at them for not protecting us. Starting in the late seventies,  under Carter appointee Stansfield Turner, the giant brains who get these giant ideas decided that the best way to gather international intelligence was to use spy satellites. After all, they reasoned, you can see a license plate from 200 miles away. This is very helpful if you've been attacked by a license plate. Unfortunately, we were attacked by humans. Finding humans is not possible with satellites. You have to use other humans. When we bought all our satellites, we fired all our humans, and here's the really stupid part. It takes years, decades to infiltrate new humans into the worst places of the world. You can't just have a guy who looks like Gary Busey in a Spring Break '93 sweatshirt plop himself down in a coffee shop in Kabul and say Hiya, boys. Gee, I sure would like to meet that bin Laden fella. Well, you can, but all you'd be doing is giving the bad guys a story they'll be telling for years.  4) These people are poor and helpless, and that's why they're angry at us.  Uh-huh, and Jeffrey Dahmer's frozen head collection was just a desperate cry for help. The terrorists and their backers are richer than Elton John and, ironically, a good deal less annoying. The poor helpless people, you see, are the villagers they tortured and murdered to stay in power. Mohamed Atta, one of the evil scumbags who steered those planes into the killing grounds (I'm sorry, one of the alleged hijackers, according to CNN-they stopped using the word terrorist, you know), is the son of a Cairo surgeon. But you knew this, too. In the sixties and seventies, all the pinheads marching against the war were upper-middle-class college kids who grabbed any cause they could think of to get out of their final papers and spend more time drinking. At least, that was my excuse. It's the same today. Take the Anti-Global-Warming (or is it World Trade? Oh-who-knows-what-the-hell-they-want demonstrators) They all charged their black outfits and plane tickets on dad's credit card(!) before driving to the airport in their SUV's.  5) Any profiling is racial profiling.  Who's killing us here, the Norwegians? Just days after the attack, the New York Times had an article saying dozens of extended members of the gazillionaire bin Laden family living in America were afraid of reprisals and left in a huff, never to return to studying at Harvard and using too much Drakkar. I'm crushed. I think we're all crushed. Please come back. With a cherry on top? Why don't they just change their names, anyway? It's happened in the past. Think about it. How many Adolfs do you run into these days? Shortly after that, I remember watching TV with my jaw on the floor as a government official actually said, That little old grandmother from Sioux City could be carrying something. Okay, how about this: No, she couldn't. It would never be the grandmother from Sioux City. Is it even possible? What are the odds? Winning a hundred Powerball lotteries in a row? A thousand? A million? And now a Secret Service guy has been tossed off a plane and we're all supposed to cry about it because he's an Arab? Didn't it have the tiniest bit to do with the fact that he filled out his forms incorrectly — three times? And then left an Arab history book on his seat as he strolled off the plane? And came back? Armed? Let's please all stop singing We Are the World for a minute and think practically. I don't want to be sitting on the floor in the back of a plane four seconds away from hitting Mt. Rushmore and turn, grinning, to the guy next to me to say, Well, at least we didn't offend them.  SO HERE'S what I resolve for the New Year:  Never to forget our murdered brothers and sisters.  Never to let the relativists get away with their immoral thinking.  After all, no matter what your daughter's political science professor says, we didn't start this.  Have you seen that bumper sticker that says, No More Hiroshimas? I wish I had one that says, You First. No More Pearl Harbors.  Dick Hawley"
"RUMEUR";"Artwork shows image of the World Trade Center to be used on a new USPS postage stamp.";"2002";"I've been receiving emails about a petition to commemorate the World Trade Center on a stamp with this picture."
"RUMEUR";"Person who performs a kindness for a stranger is rewarded by the stranger's telling her to avoid drinking Coca-Cola or Pepsi after a certain day.";"2002";"An old student of mine came up to me yesterday and said that a good friend of his is a waiter at our local Red Lobster. This waiter had a customer of a Middle Eastern descent. The customer kept asking the waiter for a quarter. When he finally gave him the quarter, the customer said something along the lines of, You want a tip? To which the waiter said, Sure. The customer then responded, Don't drink Coke after June 1st. He then walked out. The waiter called the cops and alerted everyone right away and the customer was arrested nearby.  Recently, I heard what I suspect to be a rumor regarding Coca-Cola. Supposedly, a stock person was putting some groceries in the trunk of a car when he cautioned the owner not to buy Coca-Cola after 6/1/02. Naturally, after 9/11 everyone is extremely cautious about any terrorist threat.  Now, you can take this with a grain of salt, but I thought it was worth passing on ... Ok I don't usually fall into the rumour category. Although this time I did.  Our good friend (God mother to Gabriella) has a friend (yadh yadah yadh) who was in our nationally known grocery store. This man was in front of her and was short $5.00. He was not budging on anything. Price, product etc . . . This friend decided to pay the difference so she could get home. The man was waiting for her outside the store and was very thankful. He wanted to repay her.  She said, it's ok, never mind, etc.  He said, Don't drink coke this summer.  I am a bit superstitious. But I love you all and feel the need to pass on this info. Good thing we don't drink alot of soda pop."
"RUMEUR";"Prior to the terrorist attack on the morning of <nobr>September 11,</nobr> no cabs could be found around the World Trade Center.";"2001";"A man who worked in the world trade center and survived the attack recounted this to a friend of mine. The man had a routine which included commuting to the world trade center from New Jersey every morning. As part of his regular commute he passed by the entrance to the Millenium Hotel next to the world trade center. The circle in front of the hotel is always full of taxis waiting for fares from the hotel. On September 11th there was not one taxicab in the circle. The man only remembered it because it was such a strange sight seeing no cabs when there are usually a dozen or so."
"RUMEUR";"Terrorists are funding their operations through a telephone scam that lures the unsuspecting into staying on the line by promising information about a nuclear attack on the USA.";"2002";"Telephone Scam: The Georgia National Guard has reported receiving information that people are getting telemarketing-type calls prompting them to press #1 to continue to hear information about a nuclear attack in the U.S. The recordings use individuals with a Middle Eastern accent. If you receive one of these telemarketing calls - hang up. Do not stay on the line and follow any instructions made by the recording. By pressing #1, you are saying you agree to additional charges, even though you have received the call. By calling you they have your number, thus your phone account. Additionally, these telemarketing calls may have a secondary purpose to cause fear in the U.S. The purpose of terrorism is to instill fear in the population. They don't have to use a bomb to instill fear. This is an excellent example of psychological warfare, in addition to scam money to possibly fund more terrorist operations."
"RUMEUR";"Airlines are offering free air travel on <nobr>11 September</nobr> 2002.";"2002";"All US airlines will offer free travel on Sept. 11, 2002.  All airlines are selling tickets for 9/11/02 for a dollar. Spirit Airlines is giving out flights for free to promote air travel on the day."
"RUMEUR";"The FBI is asking for the public's assistance in locating five men who supposedly entered the USA illegally on <nobr>24 December</nobr> 2002.";"2002";"This just in! FBI believes: 5 Arab Men with Terror Ties Snuck into Country!  FBI intelligence says these men may have snuck into the U.S. on Christmas Eve. All are believed to be connected to terrorism investigations.  The FBI is asking the public to help it locate 5 men of Arab decent who they believe entered the country illegally from Canada. All Americans are asked to help with this manhunt.  We're sending their pictures to 2 million Internet users and asking everyone to please pass the pictures to at least 5 people. The DC-area sniper suspect was captured with the help of an average citizen. These men can be caught with your help!  The FBI needs your help in the fight against terrorism! Please Help This Manhunt. Click here to pass these pictures to 5 people you know."
"RUMEUR";"Devastating terrorist attacks are planned for the USA, especially in and around New York, during the weekend beginning <nobr>14 February</nobr> 2003.";"2003";"This is a very credible source, I am the one who was informed by my friend and colleague Dan. His uncle works in the Pentagon. He is the Commander of the Reserves. He received a call from his Uncle tonight and was told to stay clear of Northern N.J. and N.Y.C. on Friday ... LISTEN!!!!!!!!!!!!! While writing this e-mail, Dan called me again, and told me that his Uncle called him again, An unknown man supposedly smuggled a smart bomb into the city and they can not find him."
"RUMEUR";"Terrorists have acquired a large number of missing UPS uniforms.";"2003";"A large number of UPS uniforms have gone missing.  Please inform all properties to check ID's and be alert to replacement delivery personnel.  Please forward accordingly     SECURITY ALERT: $32,000 worth of UPS uniforms have been purchased over the last 30 days by person(s) unknown. Law enforcement is working on the case however no suspect(s) have been indentified. Subjects may try to gain access by wearing one of these uniforms. If anyone has suspicions about a UPS delivery (i.e., no truck but driver, no UPS identification, etc., contact UPS to verify employment).  If you see or have seen a UPS delivery from an unknown driver please ask for proper ID and be alert to any suspicious packages or deliveries. Please notify building security or appropriate law enforcement.     There has been a huge purchase, $32,000.00 worth, of United Parcel Service (UPS) uniforms on eBay over the last (30) thirty days. This could represent a serious threat as bogus drivers can drop off anything to anyone with deadly consequences.  If you have any questions when a UPS driver appears at your door, they should be able to furnish valid I.D. Additionally, if someone in a UPS uniform comes to make a drop off or pick up, make absolutely sure they are driving a UPS truck. UPS does not make deliveries or pick ups in anything except company vehicles. If you have a problem, immediately call local law enforcement.  On 3/31/03 an alert was issued to UPS drivers. Drivers were asked to keep track of their uniforms and to dispose of same according to UPS guidelines.  Some of you may have already heard the above information, but I will keep sending out new alerts as I get them."
"RUMEUR";"Military personnel should avoid the use of the NACEC.org web site.";"2003";"Avoid This Web Site NACEC.org  1. THREAT: This website may be used for information gathering on US soldiers and family members for nefarious purposes.  2. BACKGROUND: The NACEC.org website is claiming to provide emergency notifications in order to support military families. This site requests service members names, addresses, Social Security Numbers SSN) as well as the names and addresses of family members, and other privacy act information. The site also request the service member provide the content of a message which is to be sent to family members.  3. Website Quote: With the drastically increasing numbers of U.S. Armed Forces overseas, the North American Center for Emergency Communications (NACEC) has put their military family support 'Flash Mail Service' back on line, as of this week. This will help those members of the military stationed overseas and the military families that have members serving overseas.  4. This site is NOT associated with the federal government and should NOT be trusted. The site represents itself as being owned by a not-for-profit corporation (which means they haven't filed for non-profit status and made the necessary disclosures). The registrant for the website is an individual in Minnesota who may or may not not be an American national. DoD personnel should not enter any personal information on a non-federal website for emergency notification of families or any other reason.  5. Any information provided to this site could be used for identity theft, intelligence gathering by a foreign nations or terrorists and could pose a threat to service members, their families and their privacy."
"RUMEUR";"A pregnant woman named her child after the rescuer who died while saving her and others at the World Trade Center on 9/11.";"2003";"A man from Norfolk, VA called a local radio station to share this on Sept 11th, 2003. His name was Robert Matthews. These are his words:  A few weeks before Sept 11th, my wife and I found out we were going to have our first child. She planned a trip out to California to visit her sister. On our way to the airport, we prayed that God would grant my wife a safe trip and be with her. Shortly after I said 'amen' we both heard a loud pop and the car shook violently. We had blown out a tire. I replaced the tire as quickly as I could, but we still missed her flight. Both very upset, we drove home.  I recieved a call from my father who was retired FDNY. He asked what my wife's flight number was, but I explained that we missed the flight. My father informed me that her flight was the one that crashed into the southern tower. I was too shocked to speak. My father also had more news for me he was going to help. 'This is not something I can just sit by for, I have to do something.' I was concerned for his safety, of course, but more because he had never given his life to Christ. After a brief debate, I knew his mind was made up. Before he got off of the phone, he said, 'take good care of my grandchild.' Those were the last words I ever heard my father say he died while helping in the rescue effort.  My joy that my prayer of safety for my wife had been answered quickly became anger. Anger at God, at my father, and at myself. I had gone for nearly 2 years blaming God for taking my father away. My son would never know his grandfather, my father had never accepted Christ, and I never got to say goodbye.  Then something happened. About 2 months ago, I was sitting at home with my wife and my son, when there was a knock on the door. I looked at my wife, but I could tell she wasn't expecting anyone. I opened the door to a couple with a small child. The man looked at me and asked if my father's name was Jake Matthews. I told him it was. He quickly grabbed my hand and said, 'I never got the chance to meet your father, but it is an honor to meet his son.' He explained to me that his wife had worked in the World Trade Center and had been caught inside after the attack. She was pregnant and had been caught under debris. He then explained that my father had been the one to find his wife and free her. My eyes welled up with tears as I thought of my father giving his life for people like this. He then said, 'there is something else you need to know.' his wife then told me that as my father worked to free her, she talked to him and lead him to Christ. I began sobbing at the news. Now I know that when I get to heaven, my father will be standing beside Jesus to welcome me, and that this family would be able to thank him themselves.  When their baby boy was born, they named him Jacob Matthew in honor of the man who gave his life so mother and baby could live.  This story should help us to realize two things: First, that though it has been two years since the attacks, we should never let it become a mere tragic memory. And second, but most important, God is always in control. We may not see the reason behind things, and we may never know this side of heaven, but God is ALWAYS in control.  Please take time to share this amazing story with those you love. You may never know the impact it may have on someone."
"RUMEUR";"Terrorists are planning to strike the U.S. on <nobr>11 June</nobr> 2004.";"2004";"PLEASE STOP WHAT YOU ARE DOING AND READ THIS. WHO KNOWS WHETHER OR NOT IT IS TRUE, BUT IT IS NOT WORTH TESTING OUT. PLEASE FORWARD THIS TO EVERYONE YOU KNOW. IT WILL TAKE FIVE MINUTES OF YOUR TIME AND HAS THE POTENTIAL TO IMPACT PEOPLE'S LIVES FOREVER! THANKS!!  Please read the below that was forwarded...it is pretty scary.  gloria sent this to me...this was sent to her from a coworker at CNN...i'm not sending this to freak everybody out...but just try to be careful...  Hi all I hope everyone is doing well. The reason I am sending out this mass email to everyone is because of something that was brought to my attention the other day that I feel I need to tell as many people as possible in case it turns out to be true.. One of my colleagues has a good family friend who works in city hall. This friend called my coworker on Friday to tell him about some intelligence the city has gotten regarding a possible terror attack in the city (most likely the subways) planned for this Friday and urged him to avoid the subways if possible. He also told him something about the city placing an order for 2 to 3 thousand extra body bags. Now you have to take these things with a grain of salt because I am sure they get tons of this intelligence that turns out to be nothing. However there are some things that coinside with this Friday that seem to give it a higher probability than usual. The terrorists attacked the WTC on 9/11. They attacked Spain's subways on 3/11. This Friday just happens to be 6/11 (thank GOD I'll be on a plane that day!).  Whether that means anything or not who knows. The thing that really has me concerned however is that all of a sudden a lot of things are now closed on Friday due to Reagan's death. The stock market, banks, Mail and all federal buildings are closed. Obviously Reagan's death wasn't planned but the fact they chose Friday as the day to do this big honoring of him strikes me as a little to coincidental (less people going to work = less people on the subway). The question that I get most when I tell people about this is why wouldn't they go on TV and warn people. Well I think the answer to that is simple....they can't.  They would cause mass hysteria and the city would be out of control. Take this information and do with it what you want. I just felt the need to tell as many people as I could. God forbid something does happen this Friday and some people get hurt or die that I know and could have warned about it and didn't, well that would be a tough pill for me to swallow. I hope all this is bull and nothing happens this Friday or any day for that matter. One thing is for certain though if I have to work on Friday I am taking a cab."
"RUMEUR";"Osama bin Laden was captured long ago, but the U.S. government is keeping this news under wraps until just before the 2004 Presidential election.";"2004";"I have heard many of my classmates recently talking about a possibility that our military had captured Osama bin Ladin in the early days of the war in Afghanistan, but has kept it a secret. He (the president) is presumably waiting until just before the presidential elections to unvail this fact, in order to secure enough votes.   "
"RUMEUR";"Minutes of emergency response agencies' meeting reveal that on <nobr>26 November</nobr> 2004 four Long Island shopping malls will be hit in a terrorist attack using chemical weapons.";"2004";"Hello all,  Some information has come to me. It has not been released to the general public, but it's something we all need to be aware of. A couple of weeks ago someone was seen taking photos of my ambulance company in Bay Shore. This same person was seen outside Exchange Ambulance in Islip doing the same. The police were notified and the person was apprehended outside Southside hospital, again taking photos. He is a man of Middle Eastern descent and is being held for investigation. It seems that he was gathering information about our response capabilities in a mass casualty attack.  The NY Field Office of the FBI held a meeting at Bay Shore Fire Department for officials from the local PD, EMS and FD's. They have information from this man and from their own intelligence that a mass attack is planned for Long Island. On Black Friday (November 26) 4 Long Island Malls are supposed to be hit simultaneously with chemical weapons.  This would be the first time a chemical weapon is used in the United States. Forces from NYC and Washington DC would be diverted to aid here on Long Island leaving these areas vulnerable. A second attack would take place in these areas. Ever since 9/11 EMS has undergone extensive training on how to deal with a terrorist attack and to think it could really happen here is terrifying.  There is also concern about car bombings as a large number of vehicles have gone missing in Nassau and Suffolk counties. Ambulances, taxi's, commercial vans and airport limos have been reported stolen. These vehicles look perfectly innocent driving through our neighborhoods and no one would think twice about seeing them.  This is not an internet scam. The officers at my department were at this meeting and I saw the minutes myself. I figure it's pretty serious if the FBI made an appearance to share what they know. I'm not sure why this isn't being released to the public. I can only assume that if this got out, no one would shop and it would be devastating to our economy. I do not want to spread panic, only information.  Take from this what you will, but I needed to let you all know. I love you all and I felt I needed to share this with you. I know it's hard to believe. I can't believe that an Al Qaeda operative was only a few blocks from my home."
"RUMEUR";"Al-Qaeda terrorists have poisoned one in five cans of Coca-Cola with anthrax and arsenic.";"2005";"Al Qaeda terrorists infiltrate Coca-Cola Factorys  Dear Reader,  This is a category one ALERT from CNN.  CNN have learned from government sources today that the Coca-Cola factories that supply the United States of America and our friends in the United Kingdom have been infiltrated by Al Qaeda terrorists.  Traces of arsenic and anthrax have been found in one out of every five cans of Coke tested. Reports have been sent out to all major networks and newspapers to put out a Red Alert Category One, warning all drinkers of Coke to make their way to the nearest hospital for a check-up. If you have drunk or bought Coca-Cola on or after the 25th of March 2005 then do not panic, just inform your nearest medical centre and make your way there as soon as possible.  In the best interests of The USA and our friends in the UK could you forward this mail to all Coke drinkers you know, we will be posting more updates as they come in.  Regards James Martin http://www.CNN.com/"
"RUMEUR";"London police are warning against using the Underground, citing the threat of an imminent terrorist attack.";"August 2014";"Don't travel on the tubes tomorrow. Every single Police Officer in the Metropolitan Office has been called into work from 4am onwards, even people on holiday are being told to catch the next flight home. They think there's a terror threat and that it will happen on the Tubes tomorrow around the WestEnd London area. So don't go travelling on tubes!! Warn your loved ones. It's better to be safe than sorry!!   "
"RUMEUR";"Essay by retired Air Force general analyzes the war on terrorism.";"2005";"This WAR is for REAL ! (by Major General Vernon Chong, USAF, ret.)  (This is definitely worthy of your immediate attention. Read every word, and pass it on to everyone you know. We all need to know the truth about this war against terrorism and lies. Please stand up for truth and do what is right. This has been a free country, and this is God's world. ) This is for everyone to read regardless of your political affiliation.  I had no idea who General Chong is or the source of these thoughts ... so when I received them, I almost deleted them — as well-written as they are. But then I did a Google search on the General and found him to be a retired Air Force Surgeon of all things and past Commander of Wilford Hall Medical Center in San Antonio. So he is real, is connected to Veterans affairs, and these are his thoughts.  This WAR is for REAL !  To get out of a difficulty, one usually must go through it. Our country is now facing the most serious threat to its existence, as we know it, that we have faced in your lifetime and mine (which includes WWII).  The deadly seriousness is greatly compounded by the fact that there are very few of us who think we can possibly lose this war and even fewer who realize what losing really means.  First, let's examine a few basics:  1. When did the threat to us start?  Many will say September 11, 2001. The answer as far as the United States is concerned is 1979, 22 years prior to September 2001, with the following attacks on us:  * Iran Embassy Hostages, 1979  * Beirut, Lebanon Embassy 1983  * Beirut, Lebanon Marine Barracks 1983  * Lockerbie, Scotland Pan-Am flight to New York 1988  * First New York World Trade Center attack 1993  * Dhahran, Saudi Arabia Khobar Towers Military complex 1996  * Nairobi, Kenya US Embassy 1998  * Dares Salaam, Tanzania US Embassy 1998  * Aden, Yemen USS Cole 2000  * New York World Trade Center 2001  * Pentagon 2001.  (Note that during the period from 1981 to 2001 there were 7,581 terrorist attacks worldwide).  2. Why were we attacked?  Envy of our position, our success, and our freedoms. The attacks happened during the administrations of Presidents Carter, Reagan, Bush 1, Clinton and Bush 2. We cannot fault either the Republicans or Democrats as there were no provocations by any of the presidents or their immediate predecessors, Presidents Ford or Carter.  3. Who were the attackers?  In each case, the attacks on the US were carried out by Muslims.  4. What is the Muslim population of the World? 25%.  5. Isn't the Muslim Religion peaceful?  Hopefully, but that is really not material. There is no doubt that the predominately Christian population of Germany was peaceful, but under the dictatorial leadership of Hitler (who was also Christian), that made no difference. You either went along with the administration or you were eliminated. There were 5 to 6 million Christians killed by the Nazis for political reasons (including 7,000 Polish priests). (see http://www.nazis.testimony.co.uk/7-a.htm )  Thus, almost the same number of Christians were killed by the Nazis, as the six million holocaust Jews who were killed by them, and we seldom heard of anything other than the Jewish atrocities. Although Hitler kept the world focused on the Jews, he had no hesitancy about killing anyone who got in his way of exterminating the Jews or of taking over the world - German, Christian or any others.  Same with the Muslim terrorists. They focus the world on the US, but kill all in the way — their own people or the Spanish, French or anyone else. The point here is that just like the peaceful Germans were of no protection to anyone from the Nazis, no matter how many peaceful Muslims there may be, they are no protection for us from the terrorist Muslim leaders and what they are fanatically bent on doing — by their own pronouncements — killing all of us infidels. I don't blame the peaceful Muslims. What would you do if the choice was shut up or die?  6. So who are we at war with?  There is no way we can honestly respond that it is anyone other than the Muslim terrorists. Trying to be politically correct and avoid verbalizing this conclusion can well be fatal. There is no way to win if you don't clearly recognize and articulate who you are fighting.  So with that background, now to the two major questions:  1. Can we lose this war?  2. What does losing really mean?  If we are to win, we must clearly answer these two pivotal questions.  We can definitely lose this war, and as anomalous as it may sound, the major reason we can lose is that so many of us simply do not fathom the answer to the second question - What does losing mean?  It would appear that a great many of us think that losing the war means hanging our heads, bringing the troops home and going on about our business, like post Vietnam. This is as far from the truth as one can get. What losing really means is:  We would no longer be the premier country in the world. The attacks will not subside, but rather will steadily increase. Remember, they want us dead, not just quiet. If they had just wanted us quiet, they would not have produced an increasing series of attacks against us, over the past 18 years. The plan was clearly, for terrorist to attack us, until we were neutered and submissive to them.  We would of course have no future support from other nations, for fear of reprisals and for the reason that they would see, we are impotent and cannot help them.  They will pick off the other non-Muslim nations, one at a time. It will be increasingly easier for them. They already hold Spain hostage. It doesn't matter whether it was right or wrong for Spain to withdraw its troops from Iraq. Spain did it because the Muslim terrorists bombed their train and told them to withdraw the troops. Anything else they want Spain to do will be done. Spain is finished.  The next will probably be France. Our one hope on France is that they might see the light and realize that if we don't win, they are finished too, in that they can't resist the Muslim terrorists without us. However, it may already be too late for France. France is already 20% Muslim and fading fast!  If we lose the war, our production, income, exports and way of life will all vanish as we know it. After losing, who would trade or deal with us, if they were threatened by the Muslims.  If we can't stop the Muslims, how could anyone else?  The Muslims fully know what is riding on this war, and therefore are completely committed to winning, at any cost. We better know it too and be likewise committed to winning at any cost.  Why do I go on at such lengths about the results of losing? Simple. Until we recognize the costs of losing, we cannot unite and really put 100% of our thoughts and efforts into winning. And it is going to take that 100% effort to win.  So, how can we lose the war?  Again, the answer is simple. We can lose the war by imploding. That is, defeating ourselves by refusing to recognize the enemy and their purpose, and really digging in and lending full support to the war effort. If we are united, there is no way that we can lose. If we continue to be divided, there is no way that we can win!  Let me give you a few examples of how we simply don't comprehend the life and death seriousness of this situation.  President Bush selects Norman Mineta as Secretary of Transportation. Although all of the terrorist attacks were committed by Muslim men between 17 and 40 years of age, Secretary Mineta refuses to allow profiling. Does that sound like we are taking this thing seriously? This is war! For the duration, we are going to have to give up some of the civil rights we have become accustomed to. We had better be prepared to lose some of our civil rights temporarily or we will most certainly lose all of them permanently.  And don't worry that it is a slippery slope. We gave up plenty of civil rights during WWII, and immediately restored them after the victory and in fact added many more since then.  Do I blame President Bush or President Clinton before him?  No, I blame us for blithely assuming we can maintain all of our Political Correctness, and all of our civil rights during this conflict and have a clean, lawful, honorable war. None of those words apply to war. Get them out of your head.  Some have gone so far in their criticism of the war and/or the Administration that it almost seems they would literally like to see us lose. I hasten to add that this isn't because they are disloyal. It is because they just don't recognize what losing means. Nevertheless, that conduct gives the impression to the enemy that we are divided and weakening. It concerns our friends, and it does great damage to our cause.  Of more recent vintage, the uproar fueled by the politicians and media regarding the treatment of some prisoners of war, perhaps exemplifies best what I am saying. We have recently had an issue, involving the treatment of a few Muslim prisoners of war, by a small group of our military police. These are the type prisoners who just a few months ago were throwing their own people off buildings, cutting off their hands, cutting out their tongues and otherwise murdering their own people just for disagreeing with Saddam Hussein.  And just a few years ago these same type prisoners chemically killed 400,000 of their own people for the same reason. They are also the same type enemy fighters, who recently were burning Americans, and dragging their charred corpses through the streets of Iraq.  And still more recently, the same type enemy that was and is providing videos to all news sources internationally, of the beheading of American prisoners they held.  Compare this with some of our press and politicians, who for several days have thought and talked about nothing else but the humiliating of some Muslim prisoners — not burning them, not dragging their charred corpses through the streets, not beheading them, but humiliating them.  Can this be for real?  The politicians and pundits have even talked of impeachment of the Secretary of Defense. If this doesn't show the complete lack of comprehension and understanding of the seriousness of the enemy we are fighting, the life and death struggle we are in and the disastrous results of losing this war, nothing can.  To bring our country to a virtual political standstill over this prisoner issue makes us look like Nero playing his fiddle as Rome burned — totally oblivious to what is going on in the real world. Neither we, nor any other country, can survive this internal strife. Again I say, this does not mean that some of our politicians or media people are disloyal. It simply means that they are absolutely oblivious to the magnitude, of the situation we are in and into which the Muslim terrorists have been pushing us, for many years.  Remember, the Muslim terrorists stated goal is to kill all infidels! That translates into ALL non-Muslims — not just in theUnited States, but throughout the world.  We are the last bastion of defense.  We have been criticized for many years as being 'arrogant.' That charge is valid in at least one respect. We are arrogant in that we believe that we are so good, powerful and smart, that we can win the hearts and minds of all those who attack us, and that with both hands tied behind our back, we can defeat anything bad in the world!  We can't!  If we don't recognize this, our nation as we know it will not survive, and no other free country in the world will survive if we are defeated.  And finally, name any Muslim countries throughout the world that allow freedom of speech, freedom of thought, freedom of religion, freedom of the press, equal rights for anyone — let alone everyone, equal status or any status for women, or that have been productive in one single way that contributes to the good of the world.  This has been a long way of saying that we must be united on this war or we will be equated in the history books to the self-inflicted fall of the Roman Empire. If, that is, the Muslim leaders will allow history books to be written or read.  If we don't win this war right now, keep a close eye on how the Muslims take over France in the next 5 years or less. They will continue to increase the Muslim population of France and continue to encroach little by little, on the established French traditions. The French will be fighting among themselves, over what should or should not be done, which will continue to weaken them and keep them from any united resolve. Doesn't that sound eerily familiar?  Democracies don't have their freedoms taken away from them by some external military force. Instead, they give their freedoms away, politically correct piece by politically correct piece.  And they are giving those freedoms away to those who have shown, worldwide, that they abhor freedom and will not apply it to you or even to themselves, once they are in power.  They have universally shown that when they have taken over, they then start brutally killing each other over who will be the few who control the masses. Will we ever stop hearing from the politically correct, about the peaceful Muslims?  I close on a hopeful note, by repeating what I said above. If we are united, there is no way that we can lose. I hope now after the election, the factions in our country will begin to focus on the critical situation we are in, and will unite to save our country. It is your future we are talking about! Do whatever you can to preserve it.  After reading the above, we all must do this not only for ourselves, but our children, our grandchildren, our country and the world.  Whether Democrat or Republican, conservative or liberal and that includes the Politicians and media of our country and the free world!  Please forward this to any you feel may want, or NEED to read it. Our leaders in Congress ought to read it, too.  There are those that find fault with our country, but it is obvious to anyone who truly thinks through this, that we must UNITE!"
"RUMEUR";"Eerie coincidences pertaining to September 11 involve elevens, a Quran verse and Microsoft's Wingdings font.";"2005";"1) New York City has 11 letters  2) Afghanistan has 11 letters.  3) Ramsin Yuseb (The terrorist who threatened to destroy the Twin Towers in 1993) has 11 letters. 4) George W Bush has 11 letters.  This could be a mere coincidence, but this gets more interesting:  1) New York is the 11th state.  2) The first plane crashing against the Twin Towers was flight number 11.  3) Flight 11 was carrying 92 passengers. 9 + 2 = 11  4) Flight 77 which also hit Twin Towers, was carrying 65 passengers. 6 + 5 = 11  5) The tragedy was on September 11, or 9/11 as it is now known. 9 + 1 + 1 = 11  6) The date is equal to the US emergency services telephone number 911. 9 + 1 + 1 = 11.  Sheer coincidence..?! Read on and make up your own mind:  1) The total number of victims inside all the hi-jacked planes was 254. 2 + 5 + 4 = 11.  2) September 11 is day number 254 of the calendar year. Again 2 + 5 + 4 = 11.  3) The Madrid bombing took place on 3/11/2004. 3 + 1 + 1 + 2 + 4 = 11.  4) The tragedy of Madrid happened 911 days after the Twin Towers incident.  Now this is where things get totally eerie:  The most recognised symbol for the US, after the Stars & Stripes, is the Eagle. The following verse is taken from the Quran, the Islamic holy book:  For it is written that a son of Arabia would awaken a fearsome Eagle. The wrath of the Eagle would be felt throughout the lands of Allah and lo, while some of the people trembled in despair still more rejoiced: for the wrath of the Eagle cleansed the lands of Allah and there was peace.  That verse is number 9.11 of the Quran.  Still uncovinced about all of this..?! Try this and see how you feel afterwards, it made my hair stand on end:  Open Microsoft Word and do the following:  1. Type in capitals Q33 NY. This is the flight number of the first plane to hit one of the Twin Towers.  2. Highlight the Q33 NY.  3. Change the font size to 48.  4. Change the actual font to the WINGDINGS  What do you think now?!!"
"RUMEUR";"A group of Muslim women clutching briefcases and text messaging during films were spotted making a terrorist attack dry run in a Raleigh, North Carolina theater.";"2008";"Dear Friends,  I just came from dinner with a friend who personally experienced a very disturbing situation at North Hills Movie Theater here in Raleigh, NC this past Friday at the 4:30 matinee showing of Atonement. I have known this woman and her husband for almost 30 years this is a true story.  She and her husband were sitting down front and after the previews, just before the movie started she realized that someone slipped in two seats over from them with an empty seat in between them. She glanced over to look at the person who had just slipped in beside her. I won't give you the description until later...as she glanced over for a second time, this Person pulled up a brief case, placed it in their lap, and was holding onto it for dear life. This person never glanced over at my friend but kept their Eyes straight ahead, until they received the buzz of text message over Their cell phone. This person glanced a at the text message but didn't respond to the message. This person then continued to receive text messages every few minutes. How many people do you know that bring their brief cases to the movie, much less placing them in their laps during the movie and Clutching them? And how many times do you see people get text messages in a movie that don't respond to them? At least to say..I'm at a movie, leave me alone.  Oh by the way...this person that had the brief case was dressed as a Muslim woman. Black cloth covered them from head to toe with only the eyes visible. She could not be sure that this was a woman because only the eyes were showing.  After about 1 hour of squirming in their seats my friend and her husband left the movie and tried to find a manager. Well, most of the people working there were about 15-16 years old and a 90 year old ticket taker and there was not a manager there at that time. None of them saw the urgency in the situation. She told them about the brief case, text messaging, and how this person was dressed. One of the workers said...Oh I saw THEM...there was a whole group of them. They all went to different movies. DUH! Are any of you thinking what I am thinking? They also asked about security....security doesn't come in until 7pm - 9pm.  Do you think maybe this was a test? The 911 bombers tested their plan 14 times before it was actually acted upon. Or was it going to be the real thing that for some reason was stopped? We may never know but I have been sufficiently thrown into high alert. Do what you want with this information, but I for one will not be racing to the movie theater anytime soon.  Think about this...no screening, no security, visibility greatly reduced (dark) and apparently most people are totally oblivious as to suspicious activity at movie theaters!  Sorry to be the bearer of disturbing news, but I want to make the people I care about be more aware of their surroundings, perhaps we all need to Have a phone number for a Homeland Security contact in our cell phones!"
"RUMEUR";"In August 1997, the Baltimore Orioles deliberately created a lighting malfunction before a game to keep Cal Ripken's consecutive game streak intact.";"2001";"Cal Ripken, Jr. was allowing Kevin Costner, the actor, to stay at his house, following the wrap of The Postman. One day, Ripken left for Camden Yards to play in a game. Somewhere between his home and the stadium, Cal realized that he had left something back at his house, and turned back to retrieve it. Upon arriving at his home, he found Kevin Costner in bed with his wife, Kelly. Cal then proceeded to beat the crap out of Costner, to the point that Costner was unable to make any publicity opportunities for a time. Cal then called the Orioles, and told them he wouldn't be coming in to play that day. Upon hearing this, the owner reminded Cal about his streak, telling him The Streak would end if he didn't play that day. Cal told him it was impossible for him to come in, so there went the streak. Reportedly, the owner told him not to worry, because he would take care of it. That night, the game was cancelled due to electrical failure with some lights on the field. The caller [I heard this rumor from] said that there was no problem with the lights, that everything else, including the hotels and restaurants that are part of Camden Yards, worked perfectly. The next day, the lights were fixed, Cal was able to play, and the streak stayed intact."
"RUMEUR";"Cleveland Indians second baseman Joe Gordon deliberately struck out to prevent rookie Larry Doby from looking bad during his first at-bat.";"2003";"Larry Doby was the first African-American to play for an American League team. The year was 1947. Doby was a promising rookie for the Cleveland Indians. He didn't look promising, however, his first time at bat. He was tense and nervous. He swung at three pitches and missed each of them badly. His first time at bat and he didn't get within a foot of the ball. Slowly he walked to the dugout with his head down. He picked out a seat on the end of the bench and there his rested his head in his hands.  A player by the name of Joe Gordon was on that same Cleveland team. Joe was an outstanding second baseman. He batted right after Doby. Gordon had a good record batting against the pitcher who was on the mound that day. But something quite extraordinary was about to happen — the stuff of baseball legend. Joe Gordon went up to the plate and missed three pitches in a row — each of them by at least two feet. Then he walked slowly to the end of the bench and sat down next to Larry Doby. Then Joe Gordon slowly put his head in his hands.  Did Joe Gordon strike out that day deliberately? We will never know. However it is interesting to note that every time Larry Doby went out on the field from that day on, he first picked up Joe Gordon's glove and tossed it to him."
"RUMEUR";"Future Cuban revolutionary leader Fidel Castro was once given a tryout by the Washington Senators baseball team.";"2003";"David Crow, who recently visited Stanford and enlightened me about Mexico, where he resides, has an explanation for Cuba's anti-Americanism. Fidel, an outstanding left-handed pitcher, tried out for the Washington Senators in the late 40's but was rejected."
"RUMEUR";"The 1989 film Back to the Future II correctly predicted that the Florida Marlins would win the 1997 World Series.";"1997";"If any of you remember the movie Back to the Future II you will recall that Biff goes to the future and steals a Sports Almanac, where in turn he goes back to the past to give it to young Biff. As we all know Young Biff was able to become very wealthy by betting on games where he already knew the final score. In an obscure line you hear young Biff say Florida is going to win the World Series in 1997, yeah right. This movie came out in 1987, ten years before the Marlins did actually win the world series. And what's really weird is that Florida didn't even have a baseball team in 1987.  The Marlins didn't even exist at the time.  Scary, huh?  Hey, if anyone has a copy of Back to the Future or remembers the film, think back to when Michael J. Fox traveled to the future, and saw the huge billboard proclaiming: MIAMI WINS WORLD SERIES 1997"
"RUMEUR";"Patriots quarterback Tom Brady was once a cast member of The Brady Bunch television series.";"January 2008";"Was Tom Brady of the Patriots a member of the TVs Brady Bunch?"
"RUMEUR";"Actress Catherine Bell correctly predicted the results of the 2002 Super Bowl prior to the start of the 2001 NFL season.";"December 2006";"The JAG actress Catherine Bell supposedly correctly predicted the teams (New England and St. Louis) and final score (20-17) of Super Bowl XXXVI before the season even began. The prediction was in The Sporting News magazine. Did she really make such a prediction?"
"RUMEUR";"Every season, whenever the last remaining undefeated NFL team lost its first game, all the surviving members of the 1972 Miami Dolphins opened bottles of champagne in celebration.";"2005";"There is a tradition sometimes reported that every living member of the undefeated 1972 Miami Dolphins team continues to buy a bottle of 1972 champagne and put it on ice at the beginning of every football season. According to the tradition, the very moment time expires in the game that causes the last remaining undefeated team to finally lose, the Dolphins all pop open their bubbly in celebration, content in the knowledge their achievement will remain unmatched for at least one more season."
"RUMEUR";"Pro golfer Phil Mickelson lost $200,000 wagering with his golfing partners, then tried to get out of paying up.";"April 2008";"MICKELSON'S GAMBLING DEBTS CAUSE UPROAR AMONG AUGUSTA MEMBERS  Last week Phil Mickelson was playing a practice round at Augusta and went away from protocol and convinced his playing partners to up the stakes in the usual $1 game. It was Mickelson versus the other three which included some of the deepest pockets among the membership. The stakes: $5000 skins and a pot of $130,000, $100,000 of which was contributed by Mickelson for the low net score — Mickelson would play off scratch.  According to one of the threesome which obviously will remain anonymous, everything was going great until the back 9 when Mickelson really could not believe the good fortune of 'chuckie'. He was draining everything on the greens and when he missed the green twice he had two chip-ins. Phil's lead on the scorecard looked safe but in the clubhouse we added it up and lo and behold, Phil owed $200,000. And then it got ugly. The stories by witnesses conflict, but in effect Mickelson tried to pass the bets off as laugh on the first tee and insisted there was no way he would bet hundreds of thousands on golf. Mickelson believed the standard one dollar game was in effect.  The threesome was having none of it and before you know it the foursome was sitting in the office of Billy Payne who was none too happy about the loud conversations taking place in the dining room. But even in the privacy of the office, Mickelson was being very difficult. According to the same anonymous member Phil slipped up and admitted that he initiated the stakes and set the terms of the bet. Then he protested at having to pay so much and offered 30 cents on the dollar right then and there, take it or leave it. Billy was aghast and told Phil, you will arrange to pay every dollar or you will never be welcome at Augusta again, TAKE IT OR LEAVE IT. Mickelson tried to protest and even made a snide remark that Billy couldn't stop him from being welcome at Augusta every April. Billy simply asked are you taking it or leaving it.  Mickelson later called his accountant with the banking details of 'chuckie' and an arrangement was made for a wire transfer of an undisclosed amount. The worse of this may not be over as the other member of the threesome was upset enough to call the PGA Tour. When contacted for a comment, the PGA Tour declined to comment and would not even acknowledge whether or not they have been contacted about the conflict at Augusta National.  From GolfWeek Insider"
"RUMEUR";"NHL tough guy Eric Lindros lost a bar fight to figure skater Elvis Stojko.";"1996";"It seems that a story has been circulating around Ontario for a few months now, regarding a bar fight between Philadelphia Flyers' Eric Lindros and Figure skater Elvis Stojko. Apparently, little Elvis whupped big Eric's ass, as the former is a black-belt in karate."
"RUMEUR";"The purpose of the 'crash' or 'brace' position in airliners is to kill passengers quickly in the event of an crash, or to preserve their remains so as to make identification of bodies easier.";"1997";"A cow orker mentioned something off the cuff yesterday at work that I hadn't heard before. According to him, he'd heard from a relative's friend who claimed her friend (yeah yeah... you get the idea) ...said that the reason that one directive air passengers are given to follow upon crash landing, to stick their head between their knees, was so that in the event of a SERIOUS crash (aren't they all) the rapid deceleration would snap everyone's neck and avoid pain and suffering."
"RUMEUR";"A commercial airline pilot who accidentally locked himself out of the cockpit had to hack down the door with a fire axe to regain entry";"1999";"Our flight was delayed, so we settled down to wait. And wait. Three hours later, we were finally told the plane was ready to board. Air Zimbabwe bought many of its planes second-hand from other airlines, and the one we got into was no exception. Dirty and ancient, the mid-size jetliner was clearly one that no one else had wanted.  Inside, we settled into the seats with 80 or 90 other passengers and waited. And waited some more. Finally, the pilot's voice came over he loudspeaker. 'We're all ready to go ladies and gentlemen. However, we've been waiting for the copilot, and he still hasn't arrived. Since we've already waited so long, we're just going to be flying without a copilot today.'  There was a nervous buzz through the cabin. He continued ... 'If any of you feel uncomfortable with this, feel free to disembark now and Air Zimbabwe will put you on the next available flight to Hwange.'  Here he paused.  'Unfortunately, we are not sure when that will be. But rest assured, I have flown this route hundreds of times, we have clear blue skies, and there are no foreseeable problems.'  No one in Plattner's group, doubtful as they might have been, wanted to wait any longer at Kariba for a plane that may or may not materialize, so they stayed onboard for the one-hour flight.  Once the aircraft reached cruising altitude, the pilot came on the loudspeaker again...  'Ladies and gentlemen. I am going to use the bathroom. I have put the plane on auto-pilot and everything will be fine. I just don't want you to worry.'  That said, he came out of the cockpit, fastened the door open with a rubber band to a hook on the wall. Then he went to the bathroom.  Plattner continues: Suddenly, we hit a patch of turbulence. Nothing much, the cabin just shook a little for a moment. But the rubber band snapped off with a loud 'ping!' and went sailing down the aisle. The door promptly swung shut. A moment later, the pilot came out of the bathroom. When he saw the closed door, he stopped cold. I watched him from the back and wondered what was wrong. The stewardess came running up, and together they both tried to open the door. But it wouldn't budge.  It slowly dawned on me that our pilot was locked out of The cockpit. Cockpit doors lock automatically from the inside to prevent terrorists from entering. Without a copilot, there was no one to open the door from the inside. By now, the rest of the passengers had become aware of the problem, and we watched the pilot, horrified. What would he do?  After a moment of contemplation, the pilot hurried to the back of the plane. He returned holding a big axe. Without ceremony, he proceeded to chop down the cockpit door. We were rooted to our seats as we watched him.  Once he managed to chop a hole in the door, he reached inside, unlocked the door, and let himself back in. Then he came on the loudspeaker, his voice a little shakier this time than before. 'Ah, ladies and gentlemen, we just had a little problem there, but everything is fine now. We have plans to cover every eventuality, even pilots getting locked out of their cockpits. So relax and enjoy the rest of the flight!"
"RUMEUR";"Pronunciation problems plague exchange between traveler and room service in Far East hotel.";"2003";"This exchange between an English-speaking traveller and a member of the hotel staff in a Far East hotel was recorded in the Far-East Economic Review about five years ago. It may take you a while to fathom it all out, but do try. Once you know what it is supposed to be, it really is hilarious!  Room Service: Morny. Rune-sore-bees. Hotel Guest: Oh, sorry. I thought I dialed Room Service. Room Service: Rye, rune-sore-bees. Morny. Djewish to odor sunteen? Hotel Guest: Uh... yes. I'd like some bacon and eggs. Room Service: Ow July den? Hotel Guest: What? Room Service: Aches. Ow July den? Pry, boy, pooch...? Hotel Guest: Oh, the eggs! How do I like them? Sorry. Scrambled please. Room Service: Ow July dee baycome? Crease? Hotel Guest: Crisp will be fine. Room Service: Hokay. An Santos? Hotel Guest: What? Room Service: Santos. July Santos? Hotel Guest: Ugh. I don't know... I don't think so. Room Service: No. Judo one toes? Hotel Guest: Look, I feel really bad about this, but I don't know what judo one toes means. I'm sorry. Room Service: Toes! Toes! Why djew Don Juan toes? Ow bow eenglish mopping we bother? Hotel Guest: English muffin! I've got it! You were saying toast! Fine. An English muffin will be fine. Room Service: We bother? Hotel Guest: No. Just put the bother on the side. Room Service: Wad? Hotel Guest: I'm sorry. I meant butter. Butter on the side. Room Service: Copy? Hotel Guest: I feel terrible about this but... Room Service: Copy. Copy, tea, mill... Hotel Guest: Coffee! Yes, coffee please. And that's all. Room Service: One Minnie. Ass rune torino fee, strangle aches, crease baycome, tossy cenglish mopping we bother honey sigh, and copy. Rye? Hotel Guest: Whatever you say. Room Service: Hokay. Tendjewberrymud. Hotel Guest: You're welcome."
"RUMEUR";"Map shows how to drive across the USA hitting all the major landmarks.";"January 2014";"How to drive across the USA hitting all the major landmarks ... would love to do this some day. I wonder if there is anyone in the world that I could tolerate in a car for this long:"
"RUMEUR";"A Florida company offers euthanasia cruises on which terminally ill and suicidal passengers end their lives by jumping overboard.";"2006";"Is this true?  A group of Florida businessmen has created a company called Euthanasia Cruises, Ltd. Each month the company takes 25 passengers on The Last Supper, a three-masted luxury sloop, for three days at sea before the passengers voluntarily end their lives by jumping into the ocean. Although a few passengers are terminally ill, most are able-bodied adults."
"RUMEUR";"List of howlers collected by a Washington travel agent proves members of Congress are hopelessly lost about even ordinary geography.";"February 2003";"The following are actual stories provided by a retiring Washington, D.C. travel agent of 30+ years:   I had a New Hampshire Congresswoman ask for an aisle seat so that her hair wouldn't get messed up by being near the window.I got a call from a Candidate's Staffer, who wanted to go to Capetown. I started to explain the length of the flight and the passport information then she interrupted me with, I'm not trying to make you look stupid, but Capetown is in Massachusetts. Without trying to make her look like the stupid one, I calmly explained, Cape Cod is in Massachusetts, Capetown is in Africa. Her response ... click.A Senior Vermont Congressman called, furious about a Florida package we did. I asked what was wrong with the vacation in Orlando. He said he was expecting an ocean-view room. I tried to explain that is not possible, since Orlando is in the middle of the state. He replied, Don't lie to me. I looked on the map, and Florida is a very thin state!!!I got a call from a Lawmakers Wife who asked, Is it possible to see England from Canada? I said, No. She said, But they look so close on the map. An Aide for a Bush cabinet member once called and asked if they could rent a car in Dallas. When I pulled up the reservation, I noticed they had only a 1-hour layover in Dallas. When I asked him why he wanted to rent a car, he said, I heard Dallas was a big airport, and we will need a car to drive between the gates to save time. An Illinois Congresswoman called last week. She needed to know how it was possible that her flight from Detroit left at 8:20am and got into Chicago at 8:33am. I tried to explain that Michigan was an hour ahead of Illinois, but she could not understand the concept of time zones. Finally, I told her the plane went very fast, and she bought that! A New York lawmaker called and asked, Do airlines put your physical description on your bag so they know who's luggage belongs to who? I said, No, why do you ask? She replied, Well, when I checked in with the airline, they put a tag on my luggage that said (FAT), and I'm overweight I think that is very rude. After putting her on hold for a minute while I looked into it (I was actually laughing) I came back and explained the city code for Fresno, CA is (FAT), and that the airline was just putting a destination tag on her luggage. A Senator's Aide called in inquiring about a trip package to Hawaii. After going over all the cost info, she asked, Would it be cheaper to fly to California and then take the train to Hawaii? I just got off the phone with a freshman Congressman who asked, How do I know which plane to get on? I asked him what exactly he meant, to which he replied, I was told my flight number is 823, but none of these darn planes have numbers on them."
